the compani argu that it foreman needn't have told the worker not to move the plank to which his lifelin was tie becaus "that come with common sense."th commiss noted, however, that dellovad hadn't instruct it employe on how to secur their lifelin and didn't heed a feder inspector earlier suggest that the compani instal special safeti line insid the a-fram structur it was building. 
 the set, design by mr. hall longtim associ eugen lee, has the audienc divid in half, face a central play area.off to one side -- repres the "have-nots" of louisiana -- is a broken-down shack with a woodpil and a wash line. 
 the new technolog repres a consider save over convent offshor product technology.th foundat of the project, a "tension-leg well platform," will be a float structur that is anchor to the seab by steel moor lines, a design that requir far less steel than convent platform do. 
 there is noth easi about run a cruis boat in winter.it take boil water to thaw the frozen line at the clinton overnight berth so that the boat can be brought around to the passeng pier. 
 but she could use a pair of spike to help her navig the ici deck.thre time she tri to throw a dock line to the pier. 
 "give it a prolong blow."proudly, i give the green line a tug. 
 to my horror, i realiz i have pull too hard.down come the green line as the great whistl blare forth, a shrill torrent of sound that won't stop. 
 "there are grown macho men who can skin game but who won't touch an eelpout," say jeffrey gunderson, a repres of the univers of minnesota sea grant extens program, which tri to promot underus fish."they'l cut their line rather than bring it into the boat and unhook it." 
 in the slalom, skier whizz around buoy behind boat go 36 mph for the men and 34 mph for the woman (it a bigger differ than it seems, i was told), shorten their rope on everi pass until everyon got wet.jump soar for distanc off a six-foot ramp after play crack-the-whip with their tow lines. 
 but serious folks, the duval root heartili for each other on the water and are partner in a school for water-skiing-tourna aspir in windemere, fla.sammi won't tri a trick competit unless camill is there to supervis his tow line. 
 he introduc his children to the sport as toddlers, and wasn't about to take no for an answer.when camill balk at take the line at age four, she was left to ponder her choic in the middl of a lake. 
 no one and noth seem prettified.when the widow elma radnor (mari mcdonnell) matter-of-fact fill joe in on the routin mine tragedi at matewan as she hang cloth on the line, her bone-weari is palpable. 
 it is known as an aggressive, tenaci litigator.richard d. parsons, a partner at patterson, belknap, webb & tyler, liken the experi of oppos sullivan & cromwel to "have a thousand-pound tuna on the line." 
 tip off that mr. willabi is "noodling" -- catch fish illeg by snag them in the gill or flesh -- two wildlif offici follow the 250-pound fisherman out to cedar creek lake here.they watch him dive under water with a fish pole and a veri short line and catch two flathead catfish, one 25 pound and the other 30 pounds. 
 perhap not surprisingly, the local often call the warden.whil noodler general drag a line with a big hook on it through the water tri to snag a fish, mr. willabi wade along river bank and lake shore until he find hole where fat catfish are lay eggs.h dive down and poke his rod and a few inch of line with a bait hook into the nest until the fish bites. 
 it wasn't an ordinari tug of war, in which two side pull on opposit end of a length of rope.for this contest a pair of tugboat -- what else? -- haul out to midriv two 3,000-foot nylon lines, each of which was tie to a parachutelik sea anchor to increas drag. 
 a few season ago, he fell into the water wrestl with a larg catch.h hung on to his line -- and land the fish. 
 although these peopl live in big sky countri -- montana, where a town can have a name that ring with heroic confidence, great falls, sunburst, victori -- they never achiev the baptism and resurrect that natur has so often promis charact in american fiction.they may fish and hunt a little, but they'r like to feel sick about it, or bungl the job, or snag a dead deer that drown in the river befor they ever cast a line. 
 hook fli in everi direction.lin becom tangled. 
 it was a silli thought.sit in a desk chair instead of paddl a canoe, pound cursor instead of cast a line, and stare into a comput screen instead of peer into the silveri water of a still lake will never, for either dan or me, replac the natur rhythm of real fishing. 
 in june, hornbi disclos it had a 5.1% stake in manitowoc and said it may seek control of the company.manitowoc, a maker of cranes, power shovels, drag line and other products, is base in manitowoc, wis. 
 mr. coat was on the water but a few minut when he said, "here they are . . . let catch some of em."lin were lower and soon one of the rod sprang to life, and a shini bronz walley was swung on board. 
 so he sell garlic.in one of his stall in a back-alley market deep in seoul south side he sell noth but garlic: hundr of straw "chops" or line hang from the ceiling, each chop with 100 bulb of garlic attach to it, each bulb contain five to 10 cloves. 
 when the time came to launch, we were abl to paddl into a flat ocean between wave sets.then our littl fleet reassembl offshor near a kelp bed, where we learn to hook the bow line of our boat to the live kelp: you take your anchor where you find them in this life. 
 in forests, their goal is to drape their chute over the crown of a tree and slide down through the limb on let-down ropes.but "you never realli know for sure what wait for you," say john driscoll, a former smokejump who onc land flat on his back on the alaskan tundra after his chute line twist and his reserv parachut wrap around his neck. (though he wasn't hurt, "i can still rememb everi second of it -- look up to see the line twist and my parachut a worthless balloon over my head," he says.) 
 glassmast co., lexington, s.c., start trade with the symbol glma.th compani make glass-fib pleasur boats, monofila line and antennas. 
 "this is not government-dict planning," mr. webber says."it use govern as a product partner -- a catalyst -- instead of a drag on the line." 
 so the shark must use stealth to approach it victim from unseen angles.short after 6 p.m., the shark grab a final tuna-head snack off a line and glide off into the gloom. 
 they can, however, be sum up simply: never think of your limit or distant goals; keep tell yourself to go just a littl farther.if the daedalus pilot doe run out of steam, though, he can toss a line to a chase boat, which in theori will be abl to keep the aircraft aloft by pull it to shore like a giant kite. 
 at the best of the local hotels, the door was alreadi lock at 7:30 in the evening.aft sever rings, the proprietor reluct show his guest to a rooftop cell with concret wall and floor, a pile of flea-ridden mattresses, no sheets, two nake bulbs, and a laundri line strung with damp clothes. 
 "grandfath believ in the straight-and-simpl method of fishing.just a basic green line wrap around a wooden rack with cloth from an old shirt or handkerchief use as lure." 
 about three year ago, he near gave up becaus he had noth to sell.now his shelv are full, and towel and cloth hang from a line overhead. 
 mani lobster are aliv and well and live in lost traps, say univers of main researchers.dur the past two years, the scientist have studi "ghost lobster traps" -- lost one that sit on the ocean floor after line to them are sever by storms, pass boat and other strains. 
 self-contain littl villages, the lot of them made up what was for the week a citi rank somewher between the 10th and 15th largest in montana.in camp, draft hors were tether to their wagons, while ride hors and pack hors were set up in temporari corral or hitch to rope line some distanc from the circles. 
 "a two-pound bass on a fly-rod is more fun than a six-pound on a bait-cast rod," said mr. kruger."becaus the rod is so long and you hold the line direct in your fingers, you can feel everi littl fin vibrat a bass makes." 
  " there none there . " he hurri outsid to see if there were ani dri one on the line .
  not too young , i'd say . a new set of nappi sudden appear on the line would certain set the neighbour chatter .
  and the neighbour seem to be veri nice . one had been hang cloth on her line while they were in the backyard and they had got to talk , and she had invit them in for a cup of tea .
  as the two hindus took in the sail , the old man use the last of the boat way to lay alongsid the starboard gangway . jackson , boatswain mate of the watch , took a line , and shout for side boy .
  men tumbl from their station along the deck and the sail spill their wind . below him , he could see the proa , shatter but still afloat , against the starboard bow , men scrambl up line they somehow had manag to attach to rapid .
  lifelin had been fasten across the deck . the two quartermast at the wheel had taken turn of line about their waist and secur the end to ringbolt in the deck .
  their task of keep the bow into the sea had been eas by the sea anchor , but they must still be alert for everi plung movement of the ship . mereweth took a turn of line about himself and fasten it to the weather shroud .
  he could see the crumpl form lie on the deck , spray drive into him , in danger of be wash over the side . mereweth tri to loosen the line that secur him to the shroud and make his way forward to give assist .
  we pass some crumbl hous on the left . the cloth on the line were fli in the wind .
  he didn't catch mani fish , but it hard matter . with his line out and his pole prop in the damp sand , he sat for hour stare at the atlant .
  they were soon becalm and were wait for help when a fish boat appear . without a word the skipper threw the girl a line and began to tow them to shore .
  " catch much ? " carlo threw his line into the water .
  " sometim . " carlo gave his line a tug and then felt it ooz back into the water .
  a whole worm look huge in comparison . a sharp tug at his line made him straighten up sudden . " hey , i got a fish , " he shout , jerk the line through the water . and then sudden there was no weight on the end of the line ..
  when he pull up the hook , it was pick clean . he stood watch it swing slowli back and forth on the end of his line .
  " they'r too smart for you , " he said , and he chuckl . drew start to tell him about some trick he use , but carlo turn his back and rebait his line .
  he didn't need help from that smart aleck . out of the corner of his eye he could see drew steadili draw in his line .
  " catch anyth ? " the leader ask . " just one , " drew answer , point to the fish he had tie up on a line float in the water .
  top load automat washer with essenti cycl and temperatur control , soap or deterg , bleach , water soften , starch , laundri . discuss type of machin dryer , cloth line , cloth pin , cloth pin bag , cloth line support ; type of fabric and color , line space avail , and weather condit . wet laundri in cloth basket , cloth line , cloth pin , cloth pin bag . when wash is dri , remov from line , articl by articl , place pin in bag .
  but between the two of us we somehow got it launch , then load it with blanket , clean diaper and the last of the milk . i sat down in the bow hold the babi , while sidney unti the line and push us out into the current with a paddl .
  it swirl around under the cach and knock over the fish rack , and still it kept rise . dad clung to the line until the boat was level with the top of the cabin door .
  but the loathsom ooz stop just short of his knee . he releas a buoy which carri his ascend line to the surfac , and test the lung . then he start up the line .
  the boat eas alongsid , and the buoy was ginger haul on deck . while one line was fasten around a cleat , command wilkin reach insid for the phone , and a moment later was say , " hello , squalus , this is sculpin .
  the strain had been too great . somewher along the line the strand were part , and at ani minut the cabl might snap complet .
  torpedoman 1st class jess duncan was lower to hook up the new cabl . but as he follow the wire down , his line got foul in those belong to the chamber .
  the chamber was off the bottom . wave were now run some five feet , so the men haul in on the line went with the motion of falcon , let out a littl whenev she rose , pull in as she dip .
  i hope they hadn't come for dinner . it was go to be import for us to stay togeth , so i unwrap the line from my waist , and we tie a length to each raft .
  i had held back the intestin to use for bait . cherri weight his line with a ring and drop a hook overboard .
  it was a mackerel , about 12 inch long . i threw my line out and land a small sea bass .
  strong gust of wind were churn up the ocean . the raft were bob up and down , jerk against the line that held us togeth .
  but thing quick becam bleak again . we enter anoth dri period , and shark carri away our line befor we could catch ani more edibl fish .
  mrs. smith was stand look out of the window , which open on the water . in the distanc a pair of white sailboat were skim along on the breez , and closer at hand a water skier was weav in an intric pattern at the end of a line attach to a motorboat .
  " we'll bring the bristol in , " he call , indic a motorboat sway on it moor . dick wave that he understood , then lower his water ski to the sand and start to uncoil a tangl line , toss an end to alan carlisl .
  set apart by a white picket fenc , a neat littl hous sat secur on a patch of green lawn . but the truck hadn't stop , and as they pass she had notic that cloth were blow on a line behind the hous .
  when robin came out of the orchard onto the dirt road of the villag she met the girl with the black braid again . the mexican girl was hang up cloth on a line behind the last cabin in the row .
  " you came here to fish , " said galkin . " put your line in the water , then sit down and tell me all about yourself . "
  " veri good , " said galkin . he stood up and began reel in his line .
  not onli that , but the midget sub was about to pull the motor launch down , too . " cut the line ! "
  " courtship in the night are also intrigu . the male web-weav spider woo the femal in her web with a seri of tug and tweak on her line .
  it was true that there were no spike in papyrus boat . instead , a block of wood was made fast with rope on top of the reed bundl , and the mast was step into it and secur with line .
  a stay ran to the bow , but none to the stern . instead , a seri of harp-lik line were secur from the top of the mast to the side of the craft , extend about two third of the way back .
  later i spoke to georg , point out that on this voyag no one was oblig to clean up after anyon els . short afterward georg fish tackl , tape record and dirti cloth had been pick off the deck and cabin roof , and he and carlo began haul on the same line togeth .
  no one had the heart to kill it , howev , so it was spare and christen sinbad . with a line tie to it foot , it becam master of the foredeck , while safi kept to the cabin area .
  the brute fought for a moment until the water foam about it tail . the line snap , and the shark disappear into the depth .
  now and then ra heel so violent that everyon grip the stay and hung outboard as a counterweight . the duck was wash overboard on it line time after time , and in the worst of the chao it broke a leg , which yuri later had to set .
  littl knot of men swarm over each boat , take off the canva cover , clear the mast and useless paraphernalia , put in lantern and tin of biscuit . other men stood at the davit , fit in crank and uncoil the line .
  the davit creak , the pulley squeal , and the boat slowli swung out free of the ship . next , a few feet of line were paid out , so that each boat would lie flush with the boat deck ... or , in some case , flush with promenad deck a direct below .
  then he realiz he needn't tri ani longer the boat was float off . he jump in ... cut the stern line ... yell for someon to free the bow ... and in the next instant was wash out by the same wave that swept off peter dali .
  they came sputter to the surfac , abelseth hopeless snarl in some rope from somewher . he had to free his hand to untangl the line , and his cousin and brother-in-law were wash away .
  miss eusti has a somewhat differ version : " one man was drunk and had a bottl of brandi in his pocket , which the quartermast prompt threw overboard , and the drunken man was thrown into the bottom of the boat ... " there was a differ kind of troubl in boat 6 . friction erupt from the moment major peuchen slid down the line to fill out the crew .
  the onli sound was a wail babi somewher in the boat . line were drop , and now the boat was fast .
  hugh woolner shout as 14 sail up . low toss over a line and gave them a tow .
  he could feel the cage move as it strain against the lash at each roll . what he could not see was how the constant work of the cage was wear the line thin where it was tie to the rail . a big sea , a heavi roll , and the line final part . with the next roll the cage slid a foot , then was stop by the slacken line . on the follow roll the cage slid back a foot and ben great weight behind it shot the cage forward and snap the remain line .
  the boat roll again , and the cage slid away from the winch . the men ran with line , shout , tri to get the line around the cage to snub it tight against the rail . befor they could tighten their line , the cage jerk free , shot across the deck , and struck the winch a mighti timber-shatt blow that cave in one side of the cage .
  all anim life was new and full of wonder for jim as much as for chet , and he long to see a fish , to touch it scali side , to examin it gill . but when ten minut had pass without a nibbl on chet line , jim start to give up hope .
  jim ran to his father , who was studi the ice near the edg of the water , and call , " ted got london on the radio , dad ! " they gather around all but chet , who went on dangl his line stolid as though the entir success of their journey depend on his luck as a fisherman .
  chet ignor the banter . he peer into the dark water as though tri to hocus fish onto his line with sheer will power .
  he peer into the dark water as though tri to hocus fish onto his line with sheer will power . sudden he stiffen and tug at the line .
  " mayb you'v caught a whale ! " the shine line came up out of the water .
  chet stare in dismay . a wriggl , flop creatur no more than five inch long dangl from the end of his line .
  may 31 . we start down anoth canyon , and reach rapid made danger by high rock lie in the channel ; so we run ashor , and let our boat down with line .
  we name the group triplet fall . we make a portag around the first ; past the second and third we let down with line .
  at such a place , we are let down the last boat , and , as she is set free , a wave turn her broadsid down the stream , with the stem , to which the line is attach , from shore , and a littl up . they haul on the line to bring the boat in , but the power of the current , strike obliqu against her , shoot her out into the middl of the river .
  they haul on the line to bring the boat in , but the power of the current , strike obliqu against her , shoot her out into the middl of the river . the men have their hand burn with the friction of the pass line ; the boat break away , and speed , with great veloc , down the stream .
  on examin , i find a horizont crevic in the rock , about ten feet abov the water , and a boat length below us , so we let her down to that point . one of the men clamber into the crevic , in which he can just crawl ; we toss him the line , which he make fast in the rock , and now our boat is tie up .
  june 22 . still make short portag and let down with line .
  we run two or three rapid after they have been care examin . then we have a seri of six or eight , over which we are compel to pass by let the boat down with line .
  this afternoon , we find three fall in close success . we carri our ration over the rock , and let our boat shoot over the fall , check and bring them to land with line in the eddi below .
  our run today is through a canyon , with rag , broken wall , mani later gulch or canyon enter on either side . the river is rough , and occasion it becom necessari to use line in pass rocki place .
  to us who are below , it seem imposs to keep the boat from go under the overhang cliff ; but powel , for the moment , heedless of bradley mishap , pull with all his power for half a dozen stroke , when the danger is past ; then he seiz bradley , and pull him in . the men in the boat abov , see this , land , and she is let down by line .
  held in this way , the men are abl to pull her into a cove , in the left wall , where she is made fast . but this leav a man on the rock abov , hold to the line of the littl boat .
  but this leav a man on the rock abov , hold to the line of the littl boat . when all is readi , he spring from the rock , cling to the line with one hand , and swim with the other , and we pull him in as he goe by .
  in one , the " emma dean " is caught in a whirlpool , and set spin about ; and it is with great difficulti we are abl to get out of it , with the loss of an oar . at noon , anoth is made ; and on we go , run some of the rapid , let down with line past other , and make two short portag .
  then we let down anoth boat to the end of it line beyond the first , and the third boat to the end of it line below the second , which bring it to the head of the fall , and under an overhang rock . then the upper boat , in obedi to a signal , let go ; we pull in the line , and catch the nearest boat as it come , and then the last .
  then we go , glide by hill and ledg , with distant wall in view ; sweep past sharp angl of rock ; stop at a few point to examin rapid , which we find can be run , until we have made anoth five mile , when we land for dinner . then we let down with line , over a long rapid , and start again .
  we land at it mouth , and stop for an hour or two to examin the fall . it seem possibl to let down with line , at least a part of the way , from point to point , along the right-hand wall .
  on the shore of this littl eddi there is about two feet of gravel beach abov the water . stand on this beach , some of the men take the line of the littl boat and let it drift down against anoth project angl . here is a littl shelf , on which a man from my boat climb , and a shorter line is pass to him , and he fasten the boat to the side of the cliff . then the second one is let down , bring the line of the third .
  in this way , curious littl alcov are form , in which are quiet bay of water , but on a much smaller scale than the great bay and buttress of marbl canyon . the river is still rapid , and we stop to let down with line sever time , but make greater progress as we run ten mile .
  it is with no littl misgiv that we see the river enter these black , hard wall . at it veri entranc we have to make a portag ; then we have to let down with line past some ugli rock .
  find i am caught here , suspend 400 feet abov the river , into which i should fall if my foot fail , i call for help . the men come , and pass me a line , but i cannot let go of the rock long enough to take hold of it .
  we can climb it , and walk along it summit to a point where we are just at the head of the fall . here the basalt is broken down again , so it seem to us , and i direct the men to take a line to the top of the cliff , and let the boat down along the wall . one man remain in the boat , to keep her clear of the rock , and prevent her line from be caught on the project angl .
  she is in swift water , and they are not abl to pull her back ; nor are they abl to go on with the line , as it is not long enough to reach the higher part of the cliff , which is just befor them ; so they take a bight around a crag . i send two men back for the other line .
  i stand on a project rock , wave my hat to gain his attent , for my voic is drown by the roar of the fall . just at this moment , i see him take his knife from it sheath , and step forward to cut the line .
  but he is in a whirlpool . we have the stem-post of his boat attach to the line .
  behind our hous in the laundri , mari and tessi spent their monday on two side of a big iron tabl , pass over the sheet an iron heat by a littl coal stove . outsid the laundri in a small mosquitoey backyard , bath suit hung etern on the line ; there was a big coal bin by the fenc .
  how to hunt anim . how to catch fish without a hook and line or net .
  a wide stream up which launch and small ship move back and forth ? where peopl on this hot saturday morn would be drift idl in littl boat , trail line in the water , fish the sandi bottom ?
  " but it was a littl longer than that , though at last they were there a farm and it farmyard , lightless . the stranger stop the hors and hand picklock the line .
  what do you want me to do ? " broke in eugen eager , interrupt vautrin . " almost noth at all , " rejoin he , allow a movement of joy to escap him , inexor as the express of the angler who feel a fish at the end of his line . "
  but if anyth happen to you , they could use you for seed . " the soldier now return with a long line and tie all three firm togeth , also lash them to the bodi of the saw-hors ; so there seem littl danger of their tumbl off . "
  he bait his fish hook , swung his pole , and watch where the bait hit the water and start to sink . almost at onc he felt a tug on his line .
  then pete heard ron voic . he pull in his line and put his pole between the rock where the wind couldn't reach it .
  at all other time they care avoid our hen , even to the point as has been often the case of walk right through a cluster of them , look as smug self-right as you could imagin . at other time , both dog fox and vixen have walk slowli under the clotheslin as cloth were be hung , and blown flap , and the wheel of the line connect with a tree was squeak loud .
  the coast guard was call about the dead dolphin . they came in a cutter and tie a line to it tail and began tow the bodi seaward .
  so , on this cool day in late march , i set to work . i engag a cooper clam digger for the use of his boat in help me secur a line to the tail .
  i well rememb a particular incid : i came upon the two older boy fish in the late even at the side of the pond . two grown men were rig like wireless station with everi imagin kind of fish line and fish lure , have fun for themselv .
  the children are in a tree hous high on the west hill . they have a peril hung rope ladder which they tell me adult cannot climb . ( and i believ them , for the rope are the old line from our ancient catboat . )
  kuktoy had live on the island all of his life and had weather more trial than i'd ever heard about . as a young man , kuktoy had three of his finger rip out of their socket by get them foul in a rawhid harpoon line and had doctor them himself .
  the stunt perform on the rope were the most interest to me , howev . the tight stretch line serv as a horizont bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contest to combin their strength , nimbl , and sens of time into an astonish array of acrobat trick .
  fasten secur to the pin is a barbless hook similar to a fisherman gaff . throw the pin-lik float , with rawhid line attach , over and beyond the dead anim , the hunter drag it back across his prize , snag it with the sharp hook .
  then he was stop abrupt a third time . the hunter gave the line an angri jerk onli to be pull savag backward onto the seat of his sealskin pant .
  your father was never fond of fish , so he didn't stock the lake . when i was a youngster i was use to wast hour hope cast a line on to it , until my uncl gentl broke it to me that there were no trout in it .
  in march it is wise to clean cupboard , and cabinet . the closet need a good air and all the cloth need to be hung on the line in the backyard .
  the big shrimp boat on the end of the float nearest the mouth of the boat basin seem to bear the brunt of the flood . it rode taut on it line , press against the float .
  although the larg shrimp boat was without a crew , there were men on some of the smaller salmon boat . derrick could hear shout , groan , curs , as men push with pike pole , struggl with line , labor over balki engin in an effort to escap .
  jack clement slow the engin to make his dock approach . the chang of pace brought the other up , and emil came into the pilothous while the two crewmen went to bow and stern , readi to make the line fast to the dock .
  without the shelter of the small boat harbor , they were piti vulner to the gale that drove into the bay from the open sea . unless they had stout anchor line and plenti of scope , they would be in troubl .
  they use dog bone to make small hook , pig bone for the medium size , and human bone for larg fish hook . hawaiian fishermen jig with line fit with a stone sinker bound to a cowrie-shel lure to catch octopus .
  the instant an aku hit a hook , he was jerk into the cano and flip off . at onc , the line and hook were back in the water and the free hand of the fisherman stir the surfac again .
  second to the aku fisheri in the island modern commerci fish catch is the long-lin or flag-lin fisheri . flag-lin fishermen cruis offshor , put out line that are from five to eight mile long .
  flag-lin fishermen cruis offshor , put out line that are from five to eight mile long . these long line are set at interv with bait hook mark by float and buoy .
  anoth , the most famous of the charter fleet , is at kailua-kona , near the famous marlin ground off the kona coast . the skipper and crew pilot the boat , provid the gear , and bait the line .
  the first step , after catch one , is to quick turn the octopus insid out so that his sharp beaklik mouth has no chanc to bite . most diver in island water carri a long line on which to string their catch .
  most diver in island water carri a long line on which to string their catch . the end of this line is tie to an empti plastic bleach bottl , which serv as a buoy to keep the line float so the diver can tow his catch a safe distanc behind .
  ani hungri shark follow will come after the fish , not the diver . the length of the line protect a diver by give him time to see an approach shark and swim away .
  some famili rig old automobil batteri to an underwat light . the fish , attract by the light , bite the piec of raw shrimp bait on the hook dangl from the line of the fish pole .
  nevertheless , she had no way of ask him whi he wasn't wear them . line had been stretch between the limb of the four great pasania tree by the kitchen , and wash now took up everi inch of the linen cord that web the tree togeth . maggi , tie beneath the line , kept run back and forth under the white shape sportiv flap over her head and everi onc in a while let out a prolong howl . when the wash was hung , etsuko walk around between the line .
  the applic of pressur in matter of this kind requir a certain delicaci of touch and a measur of patienc . it is like an angler who has onli a light line to land a larg fish .
  it is like an angler who has onli a light line to land a larg fish . anyth like a sharp tug will snap the line , contact will be lost and the fish will get away .
  he cannot contain his excit . he grab a shark iron , a keen-edg harpoon with line and float attach , and second later hurl it deep into the back of a small femal that slide beneath him .
  the whale is no less astound than the boy . the line speed from the bucket like a live thing .
  three larg whale have return to the scene of action and are circl the victim she is a yearl half-sist of the littl calf . the line part , though whether from a bite or from the sheer impact of a pass bodi is not at the moment clear . tremain quick fasten a new line to the bight of the old one and the captain succeed in plant a second iron near the whale left flank .
  meanwhil , the fairi move in under full power and two sailor carri rifl up to the peak . they blaze away at the run whale for an hour and are about to quit from exhaust when they see the line go slack .
  the lifeless bodi roll in a pink wash . they haul her part out of the sea with the ship tackl and a line loop round her fluke .
  sheer chanc has led him east . he pass by the trail line of fishermen from neah bay and sekiu and pysht .
  he wave his arm mad and point to the left . men in yellow slicker run on the afterdeck , carri line and tackl .
  the ship back off with a clang of bell . a nylon line stretch taut to the whale , drip along it length and trembl like a fiddl string .
  will he be first ? will the line foul his propel or break his rudder ?
  " by god , we'v done it ! " the tug move slowli astern to keep the nylon line taut .
  the boom lean peril over the side ; the deck slant ; a bucket bang against the rail . now a man jerk a slender trip-wir follow the line from deck to whale .
  there is much scratch of head : who know how to shoot a whale ? how big a line we need to hold him ?
  it was heard by ship broker in tokyo , and the stock of matsushita broke half a point . kasuo fujima open a roll of cloth in his kit and remov a length of cod line with tripl hook .
  they move there for an hour and wash clean and white . fujima-san pull in the line .
  but he was understood in spite of the impolit wave and two crewmen care hook a resplend chromium ladder to the gunwal . need no urg , denni let go his hold of the parachut line at the same instant that he stretch out his arm to grab the tubular sidepiec .
  hand over hand they pull in the silk . then as the chute billow over the small deck , denni lean overboard to gather in the last few feet of the line .
  far away upstream a new sound had begun a rumble-grumbl like a big jet in the sky . we were lucki that brain was a scout life guard and knew how to heav a line .
  if he hadn't it wouldn't have reach us , becaus it was a heavi coil with a long way to go . i snub the line around the wagon seat , and made it good and tight with sever half hitch .
  neill felt his anger rise . the man was play them , play them like fish on a line .
  it'd been a nasti , cold , raini day , and the rain was chang to sleet . the cap'n was staggerin ' around the slipperi deck , but i didn't see the lad who usual toss the line .
  that was enough distanc in this thick air to walk out of sight of each other , as we soon discov . these line , not chain but light , tough rope , too strong to be broken , were all one need to be sure he would not float off in space when he step or jump .
  for minut it was like a slapstick comedi . we'd jump ; we'd swing out to the end of our line as if we were fli .
  he was play his own game of hide-and-seek , enjoy the protect color of his space suit . dillo touch one of the button at the platform , and the spool for the fourth hitch reel in the line slowli .
  my thought don't fire at rocket speed . i stood there ; i count the line twice befor the first pang of panic went through me .
  foolish . doc must have taken percussi line .
  " doc ... call doc ... are you there on the fourth ? ... call doc ... " no answer . i touch the wind-up button , the spool turn , and the fourth line came reel in .
  " what happen to the chimp ? he not on his line . "
  dillo was shout . " who let the chimp off the line ? "
  " he follow the fourth one out of sight . the last i saw he was run the line through his hand .
  " i mean it could have happen ! just as he unfasten himself , he might have seen doc come along , with a hand on the line .
  it was like an open stone quarri , cushion with spong . we stop at the outer limit of our line .
  doc leap . doc , with not a ghost of a safeti line attach to him , dart past us like a human rocket .
  dillo shout . gari had alreadi jump in straight pursuit and jump , he swung his arm and threw a wave into the slack of his line .
  modern echo sounder are so sensit they can detect shipwreck and school of fish . the equip replac the older techniqu of throw a weight line into the sea .
  one miscalcul or fals move could have knock the h-bomb off the ledg into deeper water , possibl spill it dead content out and poison the mediterranean sea over a vast area for mani year . by mean of a special navy-develop underwat recoveri apparatus , lift line were success attach to the h-bomb , bring it undamag to the surfac .
  rang too far from an underwat habitat can be danger becaus the diver may not be abl to find his way back . to prevent ani such incid dure the sealab experi the aquanaut were attach to their dwell by guid line whenev they swam for ani distanc .
  in a make-believ rescu effort , the porpois would dive down to the habitat when a buzzer rang . an aquanaut would attach a line to one of the ring on tuffi har , then turn off the buzzer at the habitat .
  a second aquanaut , pretend to be lost , would then signal the porpois by turn on his own buzzer . after tuffi reach the " victim , " the aquanaut would remov the line from tuffi har and use it as his guid back to the habitat .
  then while i sat at the tabl and drank orang juic and pour milk over cornflak , she would talk to me about all the thing she'd alreadi done that day . " whi , i'v got a load of wash on the line and some iron done .
  and i wonder if it made it harder for rubi to grow up with a long neck and boni arm and freckl , after she'd dream about be rich and glamor . i went around to the back of the hous , and aunt lou was come in from the yard with her cloth basket full of cloth taken down from the line .
  the secesh rode off . job shook the line .
  he said he didn't know ; they had come there in a wagon . i pull in my line and went up the bank .
  when albert cluveau said that about ned my heart start beat so fast i thought i might fall . i held on tight to the fish pole till i was steadi , then i pull in my line and went back home .
  " get down now , " cluveau said . ned hand bam the line .
  " tall mulatto in the white cowboy hat said : " ' nough of this . langloi , fetch two plow line off that wagon . " sappho said he was run befor the tall mulatto mention the plow line , he just start run faster when he heard it .
  to cover his confus at have let the sound escap him , he becam veri busi with the bait and float and sinker . he even bait up helen line for her , and in a few moment their float were bob on the wave .
  " got one ! got one ! " he cri , reel in his line .
  in an hour sever dozen fish lay in the net on the bottom of the boat . " that it , i think , " the professor said , reel in his line .
  look down , jeremi saw the water turn pink below his neck . as the throb pain in his templ increas , he knew it was too far to shore and too far to reach for a handhold on one of the boat anchor line .
  " it all right , " he said . on parker street the build seem to be dwell , to judg from the line of wash near them .
  come here and give me a hand . " while the two detect were chat , the skipper on his own initi had bait a line and appar hook a massiv fish .
  the negro had the line and it was hard to tell who was pull what , when lepet saw boner march to the rear of the boat , yank out a pistol , and with perfect aim drill two shot through the fish head . " what the fuck'd you do that to the fish for ? " said the skipper , hold a sudden slack line .
  as she move grace about on the glaze and frozen lawn , i realiz that she was wear ice skate ! i watch as she swoop down upon her cloth basket , extract a piec of cloth , took sever happi turn about the yard , then glide back to her line to hang a garment .
  but he had other gift . he could set snare , lobster pot or a long line better than anyon in the local .
  " yes , ma'am . i intend to , " he said , almost insol , back toward the bed and uncoil the line . "
  she wait while her host remov a dismantl speaker assembl on his singl upholst chair and flick the cushion in a grand manner with his pocket handkerchief . she took the hand he offer to aid her cakewalk to the chair over the coil line .
  we could hear voic and shout order . at length , a signal was given and men start pull on the line which ran through the block at the peak of the tripod .
  he switch over from manual to remot oper , put betti now under control of hal . it was a standard safeti precaut ; though he was still secur to betti by an immens strong spring-load cord littl thicker than cotton , even the best safeti line had been known to fail .
  he would look a fool if he need his vehicl and was unabl to call it to his assist by pass instruct to hal . the door of the pod swung open , and he drift slowli out into the silenc of space , his safeti line unreel behind him .
  betti continu to acceler on her runaway cours . then , tow behind her at the end of the safeti line , appear a spacesuit .
  the euphoria that flow over him mask out all realiti and the scent was all there was . when the shelf had torn loos from the wall , a quarter-inch nylon line had slip off a three-inch common nail on the top of the plank , over which it had been loop . lash like a thin white snake , the line had whip out through a hole in the roof and across the downward slope , dislodg sever shingl and two irat herring gull on the way .
  later that night he scrape togeth as much debri as he could find in the cabin and tri to buri the untouch coon . doc painter had fasten a line to the water can and withdrew it the next morn , refil it and slip it back in again under the door .
  each day he crouch back in a corner as he heard the old man struggl up the slight slope from the beach . he crouch and he wait as the door inch up and the water bucket was withdrawn on the end of it line .
  on certain day the wave weren't big enough to make much differ , but at other time they were mountain , and he would arriv home soak to the skin and ach in everi muscl . but he love it , and he never got over the thrill of feel the sudden tug when a fish hit his line .
  the eldest boy had got over his seasick , and he and the middl one sat in numb silenc in the stern . when they reach the dock , bubba made the line fast and then help the woman out of the boat .
  if it all that import , i'll come . " they went to the shed where liscom kept his line and pulley , and then , space about twenti yard apart so as not to attract attent , they made their way to jule lenihan hous .
  now , if someon was to cut the arm of that hoist almost through , then the first time doc got a good heavi dredge-load outa the water the arm'd most like break , and the whole thing'd go straight to the bottom . might even take doc with it , if he got foul up in the line .
  " all right , you red lobster , avast there , " he bellow . " throw your captain a line and help haul me aboard .
  the yard famili fortun enough to have yard space are no doubt alreadi use it for soft ball , pitch practic , touch footbal , and the like . badminton is a great famili game , and a cloth line may be use for a net in a pinch .
  each child crayon a design on his or her , after he has print his name in big letter . the cardboard are stapl to a long , strong line , which then can be loop around the room , or between post or tree , or along a fenc .
  in cap and gown i slip almost unnot into the senior process , as it round the corner of the hedg , on it way to the church . i didn't hear much of what presid hutchin said , for my mind was divid between our last tablecloth , now dri i hope on the line , and keep susan volumin gown from disclos my bare leg .
  he watch mr. murray back the truck out of his garag and start for town , pass a gray car come in the other direct . mrs. murray had hung out her wash of mani color on the line a shirt , anoth shirt , overal , underp , pajama an indecipher signal in flag .
  they never went where they could not ride . think of the day of wait on the riverbank , i wish i had provid him with hook and a line .
  for tedious second noth happen . then there was a seri of sharp bang as some of the tow line part .
  again there was a shudder , then a nois like a small cannon be fire . a tow line thrash back across the deck , tear off a bollard and hurl it through the corner of the bridg .
  a bucket at his side was overflow with pollack . he haul the line in , bait it care with a piec of bacon , and lob it back into the sea with a splash .
  so the men made their own . men forg hook and filch nylon line from aerial kite and weather balloon .
  at the moment , he had a larg conger eel fight in a sack at his feet . he was hold the strong line delic in his big hand .
  " pull , " shout bori . igor grab the line and put a turn round his wrist .
  " help me play it , you fool . it'll break the line .
  " the two men haul on the fish . it drag yard of line into the water , but they gradual drew it back .
  the fishermen ran back with him to bori . mani hand grab the line from the pant cook .
  mani hand grab the line from the pant cook . his palm were slash and bleed where the line had burn deep furrow in them .
  the cossack was fish . as albert watch , he began pull in a long line he was trail behind the cutter .
  igor unhook the fish and drop it into the top of the nearest box . then he threw the line back into the sea .
  " this time i'm do it myself , " said ace . he climb over into the cutter and unti the line .
  the red bra they'd all seen , and sever other that the men hope to see again fill . at first the men tri to avoid be caught look at the line .
  victoria nail score his back . igor retreat from the cave , pay out the line as he went .
  he stood a few yard away , to one side of the entranc . then he jerk the line , sudden , and clasp his hand over his ear .
  even so , the sheer clutter in that basement took a bit of sort out , especi in that dim light . one wall had a floor-to-ceil spread of wall-bar on gymnasium line .
  the gunboat took it prize in tow , as the flagship signal retir for the small boat . the brig and schooner advanc to get line aboard their charg while the frigat , support with heavi fire , move in toward the rock through water that foam with a hail of enemi projectil .
  " i'll have the boat over to tow , if you pleas , " the captain order . boat drop into the water , snake out line , and men bent to the oar .
  " hull consid the suggest a moment . " all right , mr. morri , have everyth over five inch made up into a line , and send the launch and cutter ahead with a kedg anchor .
  " the kedg went down near a mile from the ship . men fell to on the capstan , wind in the line .
  the saratoga came next , follow by the ticonderoga and the prebl . mobil had been provid for by attach spring line to the anchor cabl , one on each side the ship could be move in posit by haul in on one line , while pay out on the other .
  the moment had come when the kedg must do their work , must wind the ship around , so that the port tier of gun could be brought to bear upon the enemi . he shout command that sent an anchor plung from the stern , while men cut the forward cabl and other bent to the capstan , winch in the line to the starboard kedg .
  pass it forward , get it under the bow and astern . " men struggl to posit the heavi line ; onc more the capstan clank it turn .
  the saratoga move again , complet her swing , inch by inch , with port gun fire as they bore . when it was observ aboard the confianc that the american ship was swing , a lieuten had spring line bent to his anchor cabl in order to wind ship in similar fashion .
  at the veri moment when the man was appar doom to strike the hard edg of the apron and be drag along it abras surfac , the parachut tilt again , trade a share of downward motion for later slip , and drift seren over the grass . he struck and clutch at the line while teeter , stumbl and roll as the billow canopi began to drag him heedless along the ground .
  sig was first on the scene . when he snatch at the shroud line , set his heel and pull , danni did the same .
  he remov the tape and the glass , set them care on the roof next to the mold . at the same time , salli open a small metal box she had been carri and took out a long line with sever fishhook tie to one end .
  from a plastic bag in the box she chose a few slice of fish which had been taken from their remain stock . she bait the hook and turn the line over to freddi . spread full-length on the edg of the skylight , freddi lower the line into a likely-look tank direct underneath the open pane .
  freddi reach into the box and brought out a small fish rod in three section . he fit two of them togeth , strung the line along it length , and then , drop the whole apparatus through the open pane , extend it over the next tank and lower the hook .
  georg could see , dim against the water , the shadow of sever fish warili circl their unexpect midnight snack . in a short while there was a tug on the line .
  the museum rais the best catfish for eat in the world . " freddi quick brought up six or seven catfish , and then salli took over the line .
  " the tank lynn was refer to was in the deepest of the shadow , but they could all make out sever shape move to and fro in the turgid water . " one more it is , " agre salli , and she turn the line over to lynn .
  lynn took her place on the ledg and drop her hand through the open . with the rod extend over the tank , she lower the line into the middl of the circl shape .
  she fought like a profession , hold the rod insid the skylight , while georg ad his weight to her pull . freddi reach through the open and grasp the line .
  the one lynn had hook measur about two feet in length ; georg saw that they could never get it up even if they had want to . " hold the rod , " freddi repeat grim ; he began saw on the line with his penknif ; the shark was twist at the end , swing back and forth like a pendulum .
  " hold the rod , " freddi repeat grim ; he began saw on the line with his penknif ; the shark was twist at the end , swing back and forth like a pendulum . as freddi slash through the line , lynn and georg toppl over backward , and the shark , as amaz as ani of them , drop with a tower splash into the piranha tank .
  salli , freddi , lynn , and georg scrambl back across the branch , down to the earth , and out of the museum ground as fast as they could . " i hope the line disappear in the fight , " freddi said as he replac the ladder in the littl equip shed from which he had borrow it .
  there one thing she said i can rememb word for word : " chichella , don't worri about peopl know how rich or how poor you are . they can alway tell from the copper hang in your kitchen or the sheet on your line .
  " there is smoke come from the millhous , " the old man said . " there are also cloth hang on a line . "
  howev , let it be understood that no one should dive without some type of person float , such as an inflat vest , in addit to a surfac float . a good automobil inner tube with attach line make a veri effect and practic surfac float for rest .
  as he came alongsid , a hatchway open in the side of the ship abov him . a line was play down to the rowboat .
  trigano grasp it and tie it secur around his bundl . then he tug twice on the line .
  who ever would have guess , when they made fast to the shore , that in ten minut the dive suit would be call for in such a frantic hurri ? the air pump whisper steadili in his ear as he trail pipe and line behind him .
  " well , no , sam , " alic said kind , " it is realli time for us to go anyway . perhap next time we come , you will put a fenc round the wash line .
  it reach far out into the bay of kiel . at that long jetti , mani a british warship had fasten her line for a friend visit dure the intern famous " kieler week " of the kaiser era .
  our rusti boat berth near the stern of the tender lech . the line were not yet fulli secur when kern , the exec , cross to the liner to arrang for the crew lodg and for eckstein last journey to his hometown .
  earli on the third day after our encount with the british cruiser , we found the lone belchen at the design place . approach slowli , we identifi ourselv , exchang courtesi through the megaphon , and caught the line to which the oil hose was fasten .
  at 1300 we were met by a minesweep , sent to a predesign point to guid us through the mine-infest water to lorient . some of our seamen prepar white pennant and hoist them on a line fasten to the protrud periscop head .
  how satisfi it was to be expect , how good it was to have surviv ! a militari band launch into a resound march as u-557 came alongsid the quay and fasten her line .
  the month of august in ' 41 was but a few day old when u-557 sail for her second patrol . at 1400 we remov the line from the pillar .
  both full stop . fasten all line .
  thus taken between the two vessel , u-415 began her slow march into port . 0445 : maneuv with difficulti on our one lame diesel , i aim my ship toward the illumin squar in the bunker , where i saw a few black figur wait on the pier . the bow bounc off the concret head wall , but the line , alreadi fasten at the pillar on land , held the boat steadi .
  the crew stroll aboard in small group , as inconspicu as possibl , so as not to suggest to the french dockhand of the night shift that we might be sail . at midnight we remov the line from the pillar .
  time : 2120 , august 22 , 1944 . onli a few seamen were on deck to handl the line .
  " never mind , you get out of here befor it too late . " a few command , and the line were remov from the pillar , the gangway push back to the pier .
  we look more like undernourish and fatigu jungl fighter . our line were thrown ashor .
  here the overhaul of my boat could be guarante , wherea a stay in kiel would onli jeopard her exist . one hour after we had fasten our line we remov them again .
  we had noth to show for our long and agon voyag noth at all except our live . gray cloud hung low in the sky when u-953 , onc again old and rust bitten , fasten her line at the quay .
  " angermann was recit still more horror when anoth small new boat plow up to the pier . a man threw a line .
  sinc veri few incom midshipmen know anyth about seamanship and navig , cours in that depart begin with the simplest thing . men who will one day command atomic-pow vessel first learn to knot and splice line and to row a boat .
  as befor , we drift down upon it . tackl were made fast and line flung to the men , who scrambl aboard like monkey .
  then he was carri aft and flung into the sea . forti fifti sixti feet of line ran out , when wolf larsen cri " belay ! "
  but at the moment of contact thoma mugridg cri out . then he came in like a fresh-caught fish on a line , clear the rail generous and strike the deck in a heap , on hand and knee , and roll over .
  " take a turn , " he said quiet to the man . the boat puller obey , take a turn around the littl forward thwart and pay the line as it jerk taut .
  furl the sail and lash it secur about the mast , boom , sprit , and two pair of spare oar , i threw it overboard . a line connect it with the bow , and as it float low in the water , practic unexpos to the wind , it drift less rapid than the boat .
  but i complain no more and set about make a tent of the sail for maud . i had look upon it as a simpl task , what of the oar , mast , boom , and sprit , to say noth of plenti of line .
  to prevent the butt of the mast from slip on the deck , i nail down thick cleat . everyth in readi , i made a line fast to the apex of the shear and carri it direct to the windlass .
  the mast , boom , and gaff i had clear were gone . he had found the line which held them and cast them adrift .
  my wrist and arm ach intoler , and though i had eaten heartili of a twelv o'clock lunch , i had work so hard that i was faint from hunger . i pull in the oar and bent forward to the line which held the tow .
  i found a light kedg anchor in the fore hold , where such thing were kept , and with a deal of exert got it on deck and into the boat . with a long run line coil down in the stern , i row well out into our littl cove and drop the anchor into the water .
  there was no wind , the tide was high , and the schooner float . cast off the shore line , i kedg her out by main strength , the windlass be broken , till she rode near up and down to the small anchor too small to hold her in ani breez .
  so it up to you to go an ' get it . " he cut a short pole at the water edg and drew from one of his pocket a bit of line and a draggl fli that had onc been a royal coachman . "
  of cours , you can't keep an anim like that in a tini pen all the time . he need exercis , so we rig up a line between two tree about 40 feet apart in the side yard .
  i'd seen it work onc on a larg hunt dog . with assort children in attend , i led the donkey to the line . then chris , who was ten , snap the catch onto the exercis line .
  we went in and watch him through the window . he walk the length of the line twice .
  that was his contempl look . then , deliber and with amaz delicaci , he close his front teeth over the spring of the latch on the exercis line .
  he was investig a routin complaint , he said , but we were in the clear as far as he was concern ; jack was a fine healthi donkey . he ask about exercis , and we show him the exercis line .
  he quaver , " friend , isn't he ? " after that , everi morn , if he was out on the exercis line , jack would bugl a salut to mr. macintosh as he pass .
  " cleat up , " the captain order . a deckman fasten the tow line to a cleat in the middl of the boat .
  at the height of the american jump craze the chief of the soviet air forc , general jacob alksni , sent an offic name sergei mienov to the unit state as an observ . at roosevelt field , long island , the russian visitor saw a fifteen-year-old girl jump from a height of 2,000 feet and get snarl in her line .
  if you see blue sky through more than one panel , pull your reserv ... . start prepar your land immedi . watch for smoke or flag to see how the wind is blow on the ground ... . put your arm up on the shroud line and grab a hand .
  britain paratroop had chute that open more gentl than the american type . a small pilot chute came out first , then the support line , and final the big canopi .
  screen by the burza against possibl attack , the crew of the campbel swift began to follow command hirshfield order . four men strip off their cloth , tie line about their waist and slip into the freez water . each held in his mouth a cork tie to a light line . these light line were attach to heavier one that were connect with a collis mat .
  the men were to swim down to the hole in the hull and push the cork through it so they would bob to the surfac insid the ship . there , other men would grasp the line attach to the cork .
  soon a detach of sailor gather at the base of the lighthous to work out a way to get thompson down . homemad kite with line attach were flown up in the air .
  on the deck of the winslow , ensign worth bagley stood readi to catch it . befor the line could be cast , a shell struck the winslow , instant kill bagley and three torpedo men . despit the enemi fire , which now seem to be entir concentr on the two struggl ship , the line was thrown .
  the other were to follow onc the lifeboat was in the water . but one of the wellington men , afraid that the heavi sea would smash the small boat against the side of the ship , cut the line .
  after more than three hour in the water , brown was pick up . as he reach for the line thrown from the warrington he was feebli shout , " i had eighteen men .
  burk calcul were slight off . he had to start the engin again to get his plane close enough to throw a line to the raft .
  with a wild scream he dive into the shark-fil water . but his partner had enough strength to drag him back and then to grab burk line .
  we spend the whole day on the water . pascal fish with a line that has a number of hook on it .
  the battl of the coral sea had been fought ten long , long day ago . kortland could look down upon the near lifeless thing swing up on the line .
  and here they were , near the breakwat , and the civilian pilot was come on board to lay them alongsid the finger pier , bright in the blaze light which reveal all the feverish activ of the yard . the line were hard secur befor a dozen men were readi to come on board naval offic and civilian in approxim equal number .
  " let have it ! " said the warrant bosun to the shadowi men at his side ; and he did not say " it " ; he substitut a dirti noun for the pronoun , as unnecessarili as ever . he took the heav line in his hand , deft seiz half a dozen coil in his right hand while his left loos held the remaind , and whirl the weight with the full strength of his arm . the weight soar off into the dark , and the line ran smooth out from his left hand . had it been daylight , the warrant bosun would have fire a line out of a gun , but in dark that would mean a reveal flash .
  human muscl and skill had to take the place of a gun , and if the line were bad thrown , if it fell short and had to be recoil and re-thrown , five minut would be wast , and , with mani ship to fuel , a similar mistak at each would make a total of mani minut lost , and in so mani minut ... the warrant bosun did not know that nelson had onc said that at sea five minut can make the differ between victori and defeat , but he felt that truth in his bone after twenti year in the navi . the weight shot off into the dark , trail the line behind it , and the warrant bosun utter a grunt of moros satisfact at feel the line catch and hold .
  someon on the battleship forecastl had seiz it . megaphon shout order over the wind , and the heav line ran steadili out to the battleship .
  there was a two-inch messeng line attach to the heav line the warrant bosun was respons for the vital knot which join them and , by the time the two-inch line was be haul into the battleship , the warrant bosun was readi to follow it with a 3-1/2-inch line , and that was follow by a five-inch line , and that was strong enough to have entrust to it the immens manila towlin on which the rest of the oper depend . from other part of the ship , other heav line had been thrown , other messeng pass , now that the two ship were ride togeth more or less comfort har togeth with the heavi manila .
  it was up to him to eas the strain or take it up , keep the ship at a constant distanc apart without allow the towlin to break under the continu jerk to which the wave subject it . if that line should part , everyth els , includ the precious hose which the boom were begin to swing out over the gap , would be torn asund .
  he was wet and hungri and weari but the fleet oiler was move up alongsid the carrier , and the warrant bosun had to leav off swear . those messeng line had to be pass , and he could save five minut if he made quit sure that they went over at the first attempt .
  it might even be express more forcibl still : the admir at the battleship bridg , the admir with the broad gold on his sleev , irasc signal " expedit , " was at that particular moment a less import person than the warrant bosun , wet through , worn out , and yet still swing out the boom and hose with all the accur judgement of twenti year of experi . the work had begun befor daylight ; and night was about to fall when the last line was cast off and fake down .
  when she was not help her mother make bread , or slide pot of bubbl brown bean in or out of the big oven at the side , or bast great joint of meat , she was on her knee scrub the wooden floor , their plank worn smooth by the steadi tattoo of mani feet and by sand and scour . or she was wash the big tub of cloth that accumul so quick , hang them out to dri on a line that reach all the way across the clear behind the hous .
  as they walk through the warm , clear air , the colonel breath it in deepli , exhal with a sigh . " one a day like this , a bodi should be allow to do his work and later perhap take a pole and line and think of naught but fat trout , " he said regret .
  the king had no success and was just about to abandon his effort when nell with a spright laugh urg him : " but see , sire , you have got a bite at last . " sure enough , when the king pull in his rod , he found half a dozen fri smelt at the end of the line , tie to his hook with a silken thread .
  a trout was rise just upstream . i paid out some line wish it would alway stay thus soft and dri and , measur the distanc with a fals cast or two , laid down a spent gnat exact a foot abov his last swirl .
  one bush , with it brown stem lave in the middl current , shook with a perpetu silent laughter , as if to mock at ani fli that god or men might cast one inch beyond it outermost leaf . for the durat of a cigarett i sit on a rock midstream and watch my trout rise under his guardian bush , while my rod and line hang dri on the alder of the sunni bank .
  readi now ! coil up the dri line and stand midstream , rod in instant readi .
  it come a littl premonitori shiver in that aspen on the hill let me get out half a cast , and swish it gentl back and forth , readi for the main puff to hit the pool . no more than half a line , mind you !
  in a few minut he , too , is kick in the creel . i sit in happi medit on my rock , ponder , while my line dri again , upon the way of trout and men .
  with cat-lik care not to roil his majesti bath , i step in , and stand stock-stil for five minut to let thing calm down . the while , i strip out , oil , dri , and coil upon my left hand thirti feet of line .
  i blow upon my fli to give it one last fluff , lay it on the stream at my feet , and quick pay out coil after coil . then , just as the line straighten out and the fli is suck into the jungl , i walk quick downstream , strain my eye into the dark vault to follow it fortun .
  courag becaus although the catch was better the weather was a greater risk the farther you sail from overfish home water . foolhardi becaus one day if you persist you would lose all your gear pot , net , and line in the sudden storm that brought in the terribl ground sea from the illimit westward ocean .
  korean and indian fight kite are so sensit to the touch of the handler that they will alight within an inch or two of where he direct them to go . the celebr indian kite-fly surendra bahadur could fli a kite six inch off the ground ; also , he could tell a kite height by listen to the wind on the line .
  kite battl are fought daili from roof and field in asia . the combat glaze their kite line with a mixtur of past and ground glass , then take their posit with high maneuver kite .
  the combat glaze their kite line with a mixtur of past and ground glass , then take their posit with high maneuver kite . line cross , overlap .
  did it fli ? superbl with 200 rapt kite-fli handl the line .
  keep the wind at your back . tri for a smooth , easi launch , a steadi climb , a steep angl of line without undu sag , an even flight , and a firm return to your hand .
  i add my own non-expert suggest : keep your eye on the kite . the line may break ( mine has ) .
  he went over to stand by rick . we toss the line over the side , set the fish boat adrift .
  i got the lift capac figur for helium and hydrogen . it turn out that if our friend use a specif type of chute , which is common with skydiv , you could inflat a balloon within the shroud line and the canopi .
  he made him the garden of the kingdom , to drive away the sparrow from the king head . 48 . old hiram goat was feel fine , ate three red shirt right off the line .
  and just west of stratford i left potiphar in charg of himself , becaus i knew a stop would wake up parson , and i got my cloth and gear out of the van , and wrote on my slate , " gone home , " and look at parson asleep and felt sad . i went around and stop potiphar and weight his line with a rock , and gave his fine big round rump a pat .
  the new lobster boat charg into hawkey inlet and bump into his wharf . trapper and lucinda jump out , threw a line to billi pierc , and ran up the lawn .
  mayb next year they could rope the hay off the rack . jess stood up and took the line from georg .
  " hah ! " jess shout , lean back , his arm flex against the rhythmic pull of the line as the hors march close besid the huge log of the barn .
  the team stop abrupt . he made a half-hitch with the line at the top of the hayrack middl upright , and turn to take his fork .
  " whoa ! " georg cri , and pull on the line so hard that he sat down almost on top of his father head .
  we found the hous realli has a board floor under all that dirt . we wash all the bed , and it hang on the line right now .
  " but the onli hope for the women and children was the launch . " a boat carri a line was hurl into the cove at the cost of one broken arm .
  all of the use cloth that arriv in kabul from the state look like new , if a littl out of style . it is ship after be dry-clean and press and then , when it get to the bazaar , is hung on hanger on cloth line stretch over the street from store front to store front .
  there is noth like the use cloth bazaar in kabul on a windi novemb day . etch against the bleak , drab sky are sweater , suit , and long underwear that danc merrili in the breez on myriad line high abov your head .
  the figur of a man loom sudden abov him and ason rais his sword until he saw the other was unarm , his face and head cake with dri blood . ason slash at the line .
  let me take one place and row with you . " the line fell free and the galley began to move out .
  a thin and broad-should young man name pylor , from the island of kea , said that he had much dive experi after the spong that grew offshor there , and he volunt to look under the galley . a line was tie under his arm and he dive and came up quit soon after .
  there was more shout and laughter and then the galley shudder as the ship bump against them . feet thud on the cabin roof , while anoth sidonioi jump down to the foredeck with a line , bend to tie it secur .
  everi bit of leather avail had been gather and braid into rope to tie about the stone . these were the anchor line for two long , thick leather cabl that stretch out ahead , well rub with fat to keep them soft and suppl .
  the rope that had been use to lift the leg were now lash secur to the log behind the stone , and the lift was readi to begin . one hundr and fifti men pick up each line . they would pull the top of the shear-leg away from the stone , and the line tie to the short crossbar would pull the stone to a vertic posit . if everyth went correct inteb order the slack be taken up on the line , then walk about examin everi detail befor turn to ason .
  saturday morn she ran the sweeper and in the afternoon she bought groceri . monday after work she wash the navi blue and white orlon dress she wore sunday to the movi and hung it on the rope line abov the bathtub .
  various color twine , cord and rope , avail sinc the popular of macram , are also usabl . you may , howev , choos freeli from butcher twine , mason line , nylon and plastic twine .
  onc or twice i thought the first drop had begun to fall . i rush downstair to bring the wash in from the line .
  the mule made no sound but plung wild in the har . ostler lean all his weight back on the line . the wound mule plung again and again as the other mule respond to the line .
  ain't nobodi miss no dinner yet on account of me that i know of . " he drove on north grumbl , but flail the line against the rump of the team .
  the singletre on the off side drag and bounc against the front wheel . the line in the professor hand droop down onto the tongu and neck yoke .
  the professor imagin that he was far abov them , so that he could see men and their unknown end as men can see longhorn and the end they cannot see . he saw the remuda and the cowboy ; then he saw a wagon jolt along and himself hold droop line , sit look at the back end of four mule .
  larri ignor the cri and came swoop in . the fisherman nylon line , taut and glisten with drop of seawat , sudden went slack as larri board rode over it .
  " most of us work dure the week and saturday , and sunday are the onli chanc we got to go surf , " larri said . " ah , what the hell , rocki , " anoth fisherman said , reel in his line .
 