"she has a lot of inform in her head about the acquir compani and there may be inform there that may be use to supermarket general in their defense.i think she walk a veri thin line." 
 one reason optima could reshap the credit-card busi is that american express is the first high-profil card issuer with nation market muscl to introduc a low-rat card.beyond that, it foray into revolv credit -- in which the card holder must make onli a minim payment each month -- further blur the once-well-defin line between bank and other financial-servic companies. 
 the pentagon has strenuous resist move to upgrad the status of the unit that deal with "low intens conflict."memb of the joint chief argu that congress was tri to creat a "fifth service" that would cut across tradit line of militari authority. 
 a japanes embassi spokesman in washington said: "the supercomput issu is a matter between two governments.thi (the fujitsu proposal) is a matter between two companies, and a line should be drawn between the two." 
 add ray ablondi, a market research director at ford motor co.: "we don't recogn someth call a middl class.w work across demographic, psycho-graph and life-styl lines. 
 in the past, peopl shop decis were restrict part by their limit familiar with what was available.but mass communic has sinc spread tast and want across social and econom lines. 
 but she refus to buy import new zealand strawberri at $5 or $6 a box."that where i draw the line," she says. 
 today, it is more vital than ever.in 1983, the act was entrench in the new constitution, which establish a tricamer parliament along racial lines, with separ chamber for whites, color and asian but none for blacks. 
 but otherwise, he says, "i'm not sure we should regulate" mani off-exchang transactions.exchang say the line should be firm. 
 in some regards, he was almost a cliche: an ambiti young man who rose too far too fast and wound up in the worst sort of trouble.h say he cross the line into crimin without even realiz it. 
 but in france, which has long consid televis a public servic and a cultur force, discov that it also a busi has come as a jolt.and although mani busi execut laud the recent rehabilit of free enterpris and profit, mani frenchmen clear draw the line at television. 
 guthri birkhead, dean of syracus univers maxwel school of citizenship and public affairs, note that in recent years, busi have "raided" his school and recruit around 10% of each graduat class."but it not that disturbing," he says, "becaus the line between the public and privat sector is blurring. 
 we think you can be serv the public good at the moodi or the goldman sachs too."a blurri line doesn't help the schools, which from the begin have struggl to separ themselv from the more establish law school and busi schools. 
 but analyst say mani bank might be forc to deal with such reduct in equiti by sell asset and issu stock to buttress their sharehold equity.mr. levi think a sharper line will be drawn in the futur between well-capit bank that can "gracefully" buttress reserv and those "who will be realli hurt." 
 on balance, say mr. schoenwald, "i feel that it a good compani worth holding."th difficulti of draw a line can be seen in other funds. 
 "but currenc exchang rate can't be neglected, and now they have to be given new emphasis."mr. poehl is walk a fine line. 
 bernarda alba is a single-mind matriarch who embodi the combin author of the church, the famili and society.sh is tyrann enough without underscor her cruelty, which is what ms. jackson does, bark out command in a hard-edged, loud voic that carri the play over the line from tragedi to melodrama. 
 "are we go to have peopl drink crisco?" ask joseph kozloff, an analyst for painewebb inc.fat substitutes, meanwhile, further blur the line between food and medicine, ad to a develop that research call "medic foods." 
 an industri safeti committe was formed, and contract of actor and director have been chang to includ safeti provisions."th incid will serv to temper the zeal of film maker (when they) walk that fine line between the art of illus and creat reality," say terri young, director of risk manag at mgm/ua entertain co. 
 onli two thing have to "go wrong at the same time and there are go to be problems" at a bank, he added.som banker conced a compromis on capit adequaci requir will have to be work out as secur regul decid where to draw the line between bank and secur businesses. 
 on one end is the monday night poker game; on the other end is the larg public servic group.w don't know where the suprem court will draw the line." 
 those who are oppos to rape are induc to becom natur hostil toward sex, and those who like sex are inclin to becom a bit more kind dispos toward rape.th entir case against coerciv sex rest on deni ms. dworkin equation, and insist on the line of demarc between voluntari and involuntari intercourse. 
 the feder reserv board decis to give three major bank hold compani limit author to deal in secur through subsidiari further blur the legal line separ commerci and invest banking. 
 the fed decis to give three big bank limit author to deal in secur through subsidiari further blur the legal line between commerci and invest banking. 
 "the firm has not given us formal notice, but we have it on suffici reliabl sourc that they are do this," said jay biggins, execut director of the citi offic for econom development.mr. biggin said the citi went as far as it could to inspir penney to stay but added, "the citi draw a line beyond which it can't go, in order to remain fair to other companies." 
 cboe and philadelphia exchang offici couldn't be reached.leo melamed, special counsel to the chicago mercantil exchange, which is expect to reap increas stock-index and foreign currenc futur busi from the japanese, said, "it appear they'r draw the line between retail and institut business." 
 an announc is expect today.th new power for banker trust new york corp., citicorp and j.p. morgan & co. further blur the legal line separ commerci and invest banking. 
 the sec reviv activ in the bank realm doesn't sit well with the american banker association, either.in light of the blur line between the bank and secur industries, the sec requir all commerci bank that solicit brokerag busi to regist as broker-dealers. 
 befor then, he says, he would smoke in front of his boss, a former smoker, in "real social" situations.but he drew the line when it came to work or travel. 
 thus, some famili are probabl buy take-out food from groceri store -- such as barbecu chicken -- but aren't classifi it as such.th line between groceri and take-out food may have becom blurred. 
 in a letter to worker befor a schedul vote in februari on join the union, the presid of bell atlant bell atlanticom said: "we do not want this union in our company!th union can caus plenti of troubl . . . ." a month later, the union president, morton bahr, told bell atlant chairman, thoma e. bolger, "the manag activ has cross the line of decency, and that is be charitable." 
 mr. allen, who is black, is consid a conservative.design as an independent, fact-find agency, the commiss has been sharpli divid along ideolog line in recent years. 
 "for the legal profession, the breakup of at&t has been like receiv an unsolicit annuity," say kenneth robinson, a commerc depart telecommun official.say david sather, counsel for u s west inc., a region phone company: "i don't mind put their (lawyers') kid through school, but i draw the line at their grandchildren." 
 republican donald haider also ran.mr. washington won the democrat parti primari in februari in a vote that was divid larg along racial line and, in the general election, face three white opponents. 
 if insid peopl are not competitive, how can your organ be competit in the marketplace?consult who work across industri line will confirm that the fundament in everi industri are almost identical. 
 although mr. jefferi wasn't an underwrit of the fireman fund issue, his case highlight an area that affect a wide rang of larg and small investors.it is an area where the line between legal and illeg is unusu thin. 
 mani diploma-mil custom know exact what they are getting, but dian ravitch, a professor of histori and educ at teacher colleg at columbia university, believ that other may not.a the number of night school and correspond class has risen, she says, the line between real and bogus school has becom "blurrier." 
 amid all her parent responsibilities, she couldn't fit in 40 hour of work a week."i couldn't draw a definit line -- i'd drop everyth for my children," recal mrs. schuldt, who has return to work at the factory, part-time. 
 after sign a multibillion-dollar borrowing, mexican financ minist gustavo petricioli has to tread a care line between the angri rhetor of disgruntl major debtor like brazil and the calm word his foreign lender now expect from mexico. 
 and, of course, that true.in a marxist societi gear up for war, there are no clear line separ officials, soldier and civilians. 
 although they are impress energetic, one somehow feel that their painter virtuos run away with them a bit.perhap this is becaus the way they tri to bridg the line between abstract and figur doesn't seem to be quit resolved. 
 "on the whole, i would as soon not have done it."som draw the line at far more mundan requests. 
 an agent call "jack" had forc a palestinian to call himself a poodle, crawl on all four and bark, an investig found, while the other agent had slap an arrest arab journalist and bound his hand to a pipe "a number of times," though never for more than an hour.becaus the shin bet secreci extend even to it code of behavior and disciplinari record, it is unclear where the agenc draw the line. 
 u.s. diplomat have back off from the controversy, and that disappoint u.s. farmers."if we could get the japanes to cross that white line," say j. stephen gabbert, execut vice presid of the rice miller association, "it might restructur the polit system and break a psycholog barrier to import goods." 
 "we do promot positivism," mr. decherd said in a speech last year.th polici sometim mean the news walk a fine line on objectivity. 
 it doe depriv the awsj of 4,600 copi worth of sale and advertising, as it is intend to do.th editori state that the awsj "has alreadi publish a seri of letter from officials," but "self-respect editor must somewher draw a line." 
 "for all the talk about gray areas, my client can sens what all right and what isn't," he says."they don't call me and say: where the line, so i can stay just bare on the safe side of it.'" 
 but the pacman defense, to be effective, need some market momentum to get bendix into play, push up it stock price so it would realiz the market was take the martin marietta attack seriously.so just befor martin marietta bid was unveiled, mr. siegel call mr. boeski and leak the top secret plan, fulli awar that he had just cross the line of illegality. 
 the lawyer say they hold out hope of treatment and legal redress to thousand of worker whose asbesto exposur has long been ignor by employers, govern agenc and unions.but as the attorney cross the line between law and medicine, their tactic are generat controversi as well as lawsuits. 
 even treasuri secretari jame baker has admit public that item such as the medicar propos come under the rubric of tax increases.pressed, mr. miller conced that the line between tax and user charg is a bit fuzzy. 
 the paper has alreadi publish a seri of letter from officials, but in the end editor bear some respons for the accuraci and fair of even letter to the editor.singapor offici seem to be use their new press law to claim unlimit access for whatev they choos to allege, and self-respect editor must somewher draw a line. 
 but it clear that tension between washington and citicorp are grow rapidly."ther a fine line between be tough and be a spoiler," one u.s. offici said. 
 presid reagan biographer, edmund morris, may be about to cross the line between write histori and make it. 
 meanwhile, corpor are pare legal budget and forc outsid law firm to bid competit for their business.law firm walk a fine line in devis market that bring in new busi without offend conserv partner or old-lin client who valu discretion. 
 one solut be consid is a big across-the-board reduct in the servic that the health-insur fund pay for.oth divid along polit lines. 
 by race and pound the first movement of the sonata no. 32 (mark maestoso-allegro con brio ed appassionato) he produc not heroism, but a tantrum.mr. barenboim perform also rais the question: when doe true interpret cross the line into mere caprice? 
 "how far can the administr reach when it observ conduct troublesom to everyone, but which did not interfer with the educ process?wher do you draw the line?" 
 magazin are in for more rivalri from mail-ord catalog as the line between them blurs. 
 bent on return it struggl steel unit to profitability, usx demand steep wage and benefit cut and, more important, the right to assign job and reorgan work crew without union interfer -- the same issu that prompt an industrywid strike in 1959.long embitt by the compani diversif into oil, the union drew a line against further sacrifice. 
 he was such a key figur at the bank," say david poutney, a bank analyst at barclay de zoet wedd, a secur unit of barclay bank plc.mr. seelig, refer to as "roger the art dodger" by rival dure his 15 year at morgan grenfell, "perfect straddl the fine line between be faintheart and cut too mani corners," say a corpor financ director at a rival merchant bank. 
 the line between tacki and urban is call broadway here, and it run right through the middl of town. 
 "we have made everi effort possibl to improv distribution."yet the matsushita-g impass indic that some japanes manufactur may now have decid to draw the line. 
 he was not fulli in control until october, when he flew back from an imf meet in belgrad to institut tight money.august 1979 stand as a bright line separ the era of inflat from the era of disinflation. 
 "everi year we go to the toy fair, and we come back saying, it not get ani better.'"for example, although hasbro, the biggest toy maker, also market board game and other "gender-neutral" items, it organ it biggest seller strict along sex-rol lines. 
 kid age four to nine are "fashion-conscious" as well as gender-conscious, she says.among the except to the gender line are construct product like lego system inc. lego or habermaa t.c. timber, which has a packag show a girl in a frilli dress survey a toy construct site. 
 "we don't mind rais fee if there is valu added, but i don't see it in the new audit proposals."mr. sullivan recogn that the board "must tread a fine line between the urg of congress and the concern of business." 
 "to even comment on this is riski for a presidenti candidate," say david keene, an advis to mr. dole."you have to walk a fine line. 
 it was be distribut by the conserv caucus, which for sever year has been campaign to forc chevron to pull out of it partnership with sociedad nacion de combustivei de angola (sonangol), a state oil compani under the control of angola marxist mpla government.th campaign has cut across ideolog and polit lines. 
 it great is that it laid the foundat for a system in which futur generat could carri out their own reform and solv their own problems.today, watch south korea struggl to establish the most minim republican institut -- or watch franc limp along with two men in charg becaus nobodi ever drew the line between the execut and legisl branch -- we can onli marvel at our forefath accomplishments. 
 state attempt to shield their corpor from hostil bid have "present serious impedi to the free and effici operation" of the stock markets, mr. ruder said."draw the line between appropri state regul of intern corpor affair and improp state regul of nation tender offer is not easy," he added, "but the task is unavoidable." 
 general it tell more about the speaker than about the topic under discussion.yet to draw the line, as mr. carter does, between speech accept to men as a class as against women as a class convey a sexist attitud more objectionable, perhaps, than be foulmouthed. 
 but humanitarian assistance, tradit the domain of civilians, is gear more toward provid food, cloth or medic servic to individuals.in vietnam, the line between the militari and civilian agenc becam blurred, with intellig operators, for example, often use posit in the agenc for intern development, or aid, as "cover." 
 but the most effect check on desktop comput gurus, expert say, is a computer-liter manager.such boss can recogn the often murki distinct between product and play on a computer, and can draw the line clear so their worker won't get led astray. 
 bare one in 11 would absolut refuse.th students, though, do draw the line. 
 april mark the first month when overal industri asset declin sinc decemb 1983.bb&k mr. biehl conced that the line divid diversa fund client and the newslett subscrib is alreadi fuzzy. 
 but robert giordano, an economist at goldman, sach & co., express concern that polit consider might lead mr. greenspan, a republican, to toler a slight pickup in inflat for the sake of better econom growth."volck drew a line at 4% inflation," mr. giordano asserted. 
 nato made a virtu out of a necessity.th sudden outbreak of the six-day war in the near east rais the stake by remind the world of the thin line between peac and war. 
 ms. thernstrom question the wisdom of such results: "are minor sometim better off with fewer seat but more diffus influenc -- a smaller number of black in office, but a greater number of repres who owe their elect to black constituents?"th reshap of a substanti number of polit district along racial line has gone virtual unnot by congress and the media. 
 "the sandinista interpret this as an unwilling of the soviet to assume" respons to protect the regime, he says.indeed, the soviet have care avoid cross other line drawn by the u.s. administration. 
 in czechoslovakia, more than in ani other countri of the soviet sphere, the leadership has had a difficult time.it is struggl to walk a credibl line between the retrench it was brought in to enforc two decad ago and mr. gorbachev drive to reviv social with dose of the free market and freedom of thought. 
 at the hear yesterday, judg kennedi said, "it seem to me that most americans, most lawyers, most judg believ liberti includ protect of a valu we know as privacy.""ther is a zone of liberty," he added, ". . . where a line is drawn where the individu can tell the government, beyond this line, you may not go.'th great question is where to draw that line." 
 judg anthoni kennedi conclud his testimoni for his suprem court nomination, walk a fine line between liber and conserv senat concern about where his legal view fit on the polit spectrum. 
 and, at a time of shrink medic income, the exploit of medic fashion offer a rich opportun for financi gain.th line are drawn. 
 but the new democrat parti itself place second in a gallup poll, be favor by 34% of decid voters, compar with 35% for the liber and 29% for the conservatives.so mr. broadbent walk a fine line. 
 mr. roh nevertheless schedul his seoul ralli to coincid with the anniversary.hi advis say his speech will draw the clearest line yet between himself and the high unpopular presid chun. 
 "the fed is caught between deflationari signal and inflationari signal coexist at the same time.they'v got to walk a veri fine line." 
 the new rules, which were put into effect two week ago without ani public announcement, are suppos to clarifi what that licens allows.invest advis said the regul will forc them to continu tread a fine line between offer advic and actual sell securities. 
 and when it is ready, we will deploy it."if all of this seem like a delic line to walk, well, appar sometim even the presid slips. 
 "with congress not have done anyth meaning on the budget deficit, the process of control the economi fall on the shoulder of the fed," mr. kahan said."th fed is go to have to walk a thin line between be too tight and caus us to fall direct into recession, and be over stimul and therefor lead to an inflationari bout." 
 he appeal to the tax court.now special judg dinan has drawn a line that may surpris some tax experts: hendrickson was inexperienc and own minor share in onli three wells, so he was unabl to play an activ role in manag and oper or to influenc oper decisions. 
 such foggi rhetor reflect a 30-year-long weaken of the democrat and republican parties.they have fewer and fewer strong adher divid by clear line of tradit left-right ideology. 
 and carrier may have to mention that return portion of most non-refund ticket can't be use when travel miss depart flights."we'r essenti draw a specif line and saying, step across it and we'll sue you,'" say one task-forc member. 
 back home, he has plenti of his own problems, from a sur bureaucraci to sikh terrorist to restless gurkha to troubl border with pakistan and china.h walk a fine line in deal with the separatist movement in india own tamil state. 
 the move would have been organ by manag and carri out by worker with job classif allow them to haul equipment.but now, the skilled-trad worker were not onli organ the move but also were will to cross job line and help. 
 they debat ethic in the easy, wisecrack languag of daniel petri jr. deft script while they drive to a cajun restaur in remi convertible.h get her drunk, and they eat and danc and continu wrangl about where to put the fine line between perk and graft. 
 and the ramif will go far beyond intern economics.ther is a fine line between trade and polit in the persian gulf nations. 
 the best way to experi the "sculptur project" is with a good pair of walk shoes, plenti of time, and a copi of the moder priced, bilingu guid sold by the westphalian landesmuseum (conveni situat just across from the cathedral, where the treasur hunt starts).in munster, too, the line between art and non-art is often less than clear. 
 the word "democratic" and "liberal" have becom synonym -- the health of liber is now measur by the success of the democrat parti in the latest presidenti election.th line between polici analyst and polit tactician has becom similar blurred. 
 the fed found father had just that kind of structur in mind almost 75 year ago.th line are blurring; the prioriti changing. 
 "the flood" skill combin hypermodern graphic and comput projections, live actor and 3-d animation.yet all of the "alive" show tread the fine line between experiment and excess. 
 note of white hous meet indic presid reagan share adm. poindext penchant for turn words.th naval offic testifi that even col. north had difficulti "draw the fine line that the presid was drawing" in defend a plan that encompass sell weapon to a nation that had support terrorist hold american hostag in lebanon. 
 but it wasn't clear whether this would forc a tighten of controls.th court stop short of say where the agenc should draw the line on safety. 
 for this reason, mr. smith make sure the paper-product manag and worker don't feel inferior to their counterpart at the more glamor market divisions."it a fine, fine line you'v got to walk," say mr. smith, a down-to-earth execut who tour plant in blue jean and run shoes. 
 obviously, the lack of turnov in hous seat benefit incumb of both parties.but just as obviously, it entrench the ideolog balanc that prevail when the line were drawn and the incumbent-protect legisl was passed. 
 his approach was at time veri broad -- say there was onli a "semantic" differ between militari and non-leth "humanitarian" aid for the contra -- and at time veri narrow -- argu a distinct between "covert actions" and clandestin "special activities."in a tell exchange, adm. poindext acknowledg that even col. north had difficulti "draw the fine line that the presid was drawing" in defend the earli iran initi and the plan to sell weapon to a nation that support terrorists. 
 even some state regul say the rule can go too far."it a fine line between consum protect and overprotection," say ann mari brady, wisconsin deputi secur commissioner. 
 govern and privat analyst alik don't think the iranian are like to mount a frontal attack, becaus that would invit large-scal retaliation."they'l have to draw a line between not want to spread the war and do something," say ruhollah ramazani, an iranian-born scholar at the univers of virginia. 
 still, sex and violenc outsel economics.takao saito, who draw the 18-year-old "golgo 13" series, notic a change: "until recently, there was a line between manga that had sex and those that didn't.that line has been blurred." 
 these days, beij emphas the cooper in an effort to woo taiwan, to which the kuomintang fled after be defeat by the communists.chines leaders, meanwhile, have sought to draw the line on harsh anti-japanes rhetoric. 
 ani concentr of power is oppressive; the concentr of econom power is frightening.let us hope that congress will have the gut or the wisdom to draw a line against the unbridl econom concentr that is impli in the treasuri no-longer-secret plan. 
 "there are all kind of guidelin this violates," say retir col. john miller, editor of the naval institut proceed magazine."th line was cross sometim before. 
 so far, his energi and aggress stanc have surpris critic and earn favor review at home.virginia voter are much on sen. tribl mind; up for reelect next year, he is walk a line between loyalti to the presid and the new independ he need to survive. 
 but the account profess should still be care of where it management-consult busi is headed.when it move over the line of give advic to make the actual busi deal and direct busi strategi for audit clients, it may encount the ire of congression watchdogs. 
 the reappoint of the 57-year-old bundesbank chief was wide expected, despit some critic of his expans monetari polici at home.th bundesbank has been walk a narrow line between intern demand for more west german econom growth and domest fear of rekindl inflation. 
 justic william brennan, join by justic thurgood marshall, sandra o'connor and harri blackmun, said the question of whether religi group could hire onli member of their own faith remain open when church-run, for-profit busi are involved.they warn that justic white decis didn't draw a sharp enough line between nonprofit and for-profit activities. 
 perhap the most blatant sign that the insurg has becom the opiat of the clergi is that on the region cease-fir committe dure peac talk earlier this year five of the 20 nation democrat front slot were fill by priests.for their part the marxist have work hard to fudg the line between out-and-out communist and well-intent democrat social activist in unit front fashion a la nicaragua, anoth poor cathol countri that threw off a corrupt dictatorship. 
 the suprem court left intact a feder appeal court rule that banker trust co. may sell commerci paper for it clients.th high court refus to hear an appeal by the secur industri associ is a boost for the feder reserv board polici of allow the legal line between commerci bank and secur to blur. 
 politician in the nation third-largest citi began maneuv within hour after mr. washington die from a heart attack wednesday.neighborhood factions, often split along racial lines, are jockey behind the scenes, and some are call for a special election. 
 franc hodgson burnett left england as a child in the 1850s, and start write sentiment tale about her homeland while live in a kentucki log cabin -- which may account for their ideal sweetness.unfortunately, despit it excel cast, this hallmark hall of fame present cross the fine line that divid the sweet from the saccharine. 
 the fed can push down market interest rate through it so-cal open market operations, by buy secur from bank and thus ad money to the bank system.at the moment, the central bank seem to be walk a narrow line, use "open market" oper to keep rate down, but hold the discount rate stabl in an attempt to keep the exchang market calm. 
 cite numer precedents, pennzoil say texaco must prove that pennzoil intend to defraud public sharehold through it early-purchas arrang with the museum -- proof, it says, that doesn't exist.cit equal numer precedents, texaco and the sec say 10b-13 is a "bright line" rule with no room for interpret -- that by arrang to purchas share privat with it tender offer outstand pennzoil walk over the line of legality. 
 he got the job.now mr. murphi tread a thin line between the hacker he rever and the corpor client he reviles.th line is so thin that critic doubt that his reform is real. 
 no one can serious claim to have been delud about the polit of feder spend the past seven years.in draw the line on taxes, the presid made clear his intent to stop the great game of the 1960s and 1970s of turn over to the govern ever more of the privat economi resources. 
 becaus of the ambiguity, he say if broker are ask directly, "the safer cours . . . is to disclose.i wish we could give more specif advic to our member as to where the line should be drawn. 
 rep. john murtha (d., pa.), invok the bless of energi and commerc committe chairman john dingel (d., mich.), sought to extend this year deadlin until 1989, but back down after be assur of an opportun to offer the same amend on the floor."ther is a fine line between fix the clean air act and gut the act," said rep. edward boland (d., mass.), whose subcommitte overse the environment protect agenc and who expect the issu to return befor the house. 
 various vampir and zombi accost my wife and me.th park draw the line at spook in restroom as well as use devil worship and "excess act of violence" as themes, mr. zanvill says. 
 vast rich can result from schmooz on the telephone, over lunch, at the club, over drinks, or, as in levin case, dure discreet walks.when competit is intens and time is everything, the line between legitim share of gossip and illeg share of insid inform can blur. 
 desk trader said sell by sever fund group contribut to the market decline.mani fund manag -- includ those with high cash reserv -- are walk a thin line. 
 "we have these twin fear that inflat is go out of control or that we are head into recession," mr. jordan says.to allay those fears, mr. greenspan must walk a veri narrow line, he adds. 
 no doubt there are those with patholog cope mechan result in exercis abuse.however, there often is a fine line between the abus and those individu strive to enhanc the qualiti of their live through exercise. 
 "whi should guin sharehold finish up carri the costs, when it the distil sharehold who will benefit" from the acquisition?mr. seelig "perfect straddl the fine line between be faintheart and cut too mani corners," a corporate-fin director at a rival merchant bank said earlier this year. 
 we are made anxious by the juxtaposit of substanc with froth -- and for a good reason.publ tv is one of those twilight zone in which the line between "high" and "low" cultur are at their blurriest. 
 one woman engin was ask to open her case for inspection; it turn up onli birth-control pill and other person medications, accord to the burlington spokesman.crit say there a fine line between the corpor right to a drug-fre workplac and the employe right to privaci -- and dignity. 
 thompson claim it was all tax-fre as damag for person injury.now judg scott has drawn the line: the back-pay award is taxabl as wage "owing" to thompson that her employ "withheld" in a breach of contract. 
 how do we, in a free society, defin a govern that has cross the line between the permiss and the impermissible? 
 he said some burger king peopl were transfer to other positions, while some employe who weren't involv in the account were let go.on employe describ the mood in new york as "demoralized," and said the situat was exacerb becaus the layoff "cut across depart lines." 
 let virtu be it own reward."h draw the line, however, at altruism aim at the welfar of subhuman species: "the human heart is distend until it is as big as all outdoors." 
 and ms. gordon, the miami stockbroker, found a doctor who would prescrib anti-inflammatori drug to keep down the pain in her ankl and knee so noth would stop her exercis routine.som doctor and sport profession maintain that the line between healthi and obsess exercis is too fine to separ addict from averag exercisers. 
 he prefer not to think about where the good are headed; "i'm in the sale business," he says, "not delivery."loc u.s. custom offici tri to walk a fine line between cooper with the mexican counterpart and jeopard the right of the smugglers. 
 "we haven't figur out yet how to handicap the games, or how to handl the situation," say john fitzgerald, presid of the hilton hotel-casino."if some peopl cross the line and make a particular team look strong . . . that'll make a big difference." 
 it hasn't.ther a real delic line there, and it hard for peopl to understand how we do it." 
 that the teach occup need high profession standard is indisput -- and the board creat for that purpos should get on with the task.for it part, congress should think twice befor eras yet anoth line of demarc between public and private. 
 it simpli that the compani believ reader loyalti is dwindl as the other magazin make themselv too hospit to advertisers."you draw a line, and the seven sister will cross it," mr. selbert contends. 
 that point out a peculiar in black america.unlik most americans, black do not yet vote along class lines. 
 edward regan, the republican comptroller, said "it normal that the legislatur add {to spending}.it up to the execut to draw the line. 
 "this assur a hors race," said one person familiar with the committe thinking.but the forstmann-l group must walk a fine line with the directors. 
 mr. bush, the scion of an upperclass eastern family, chose the more polish navy.judg from mr. hyne descriptions, those are the class line along which that choic usual was made: "of my flight school friends, it was certain true that the well-br one tend to take navi commissions; and those like myself who felt provincial, or common, or underbred, chose the marin corps, where those qualiti wouldn't show." 
 this is the real scandal of racial politics, circa 1988.our own view is that the polit of race has becom too polar along party, and philosophical, lines. 
 we should enlarg the franchise, not chang it."mr. jackson call the wall street journal to complain about a front-pag stori last week that quot a number of moder or conserv democrat charg mr. jackson with threaten to split the parti along racial and class lines, especi if michael dukaki lose the elect to georg bush next tuesday. 
 "honoraria can onli be accept under the fiction that it payment for servic rendered," say stanley brand, former counsel to the hous of representatives.when use as a lobbi tool, he says, "a prosecutor may decid that it gone over the line from a payment to a gift or gratuiti or bribe." 
 at a news confer in boston, mr. syron gave few clue to his think on monetari policy, but he said the fed role is "made much more complicated" by the budget and trade deficits.th fed "has had to walk a very, veri fine line for some time," he said."on natur worri about how long you can go on walk a fine line." 
 the sheer mass of the black major -- 26 million, to 5 million white -- has trampl color barrier in the larger cities.urban has obscur tribal lines. 
 at various moment alla might recal edith piaf, tina turner or vicki carr sing "it must be him" while soft crying.alla belong to an intern tradit of emot nake chanteus who walk the line between sophist and schmaltz while act each song as if it were a playlet. 
 a few year ago, the idea that there might be anyth unconstitut about punit damag occupi scarc ani space in law review articles.but now the u.s. suprem court is be pepper with appeal urg the nine justic to draw the line on such damages. 
 "they want us to go along with them on the bush effort, in a public way.you admir peopl zeal, but you have to draw the line," say sister joy kronenberger, c.d.p., who oper an activ pro-lif education, poster and prayer program for the diocese. 
 pc magazin is one of about a half-dozen comput public that offer such electron companions, and more are on the way.thes servic are blur the line between print and electron publishing. 
 it proper involv a varieti of messag carrier -- includ the voic of america, worldnet televis and skilled, language-qualifi foreign-servic offic among other -- to reach import and divers audienc overseas.thes audienc themselv have interest that defi easi categor along inform or cultur lines. 
 the failur of judith richard hope to win confirm to the prestigi appeal court here mean the reagan administr has come up short in it effort to complet transform what mani lawyer and legal scholar consid the second most import court next to the u.s. suprem court.th u.s. court of appeal for the district of columbia circuit is split along partisan lines, with reagan nomine enjoy a slim, 6-5 majority. 
 consum and small-busi bank is overseen by mr. middlemas, the president, while big corpor custom are overseen by jame w. thompson, chairman of the southeast bank.th southeast bank also focus ncnb on customer-group lines, rather than accord to geography. 
 although it seem evid that sen. bentsen gave the far more polish perform last night, republican were hope that expect were so low for sen. quayl -- who has been constant critic and even ridicul sinc his select -- that mere stay on his feet for 90 minut and not make ani embarrass slip-up will remov him as a liabil for the gop ticket.th post-deb analysi fell along predict partisan lines, with each side say that it man did better. 
 he might have point out that multicultur grant tend to go to second-gener australian tri to rediscov their root rather than to newli arriv immigrants.or he might have point out that ani discrimin along racial line is anti-western, exact the sort of thing most immigr have come to australia to escape. 
 but he didn't.so today in australia there are some peopl argu the right thing for the wrong reason and other argu the wrong thing for the right reasons, cut across all polit lines. 
 certilman haft balin buckley kremer & hyman, a midsiz new york law firm, is split along geograph and practic lines, effect oct. 1. 
 what bother polic about such actions, say jerald vaughn, execut director of the intern associ of chief of police, is that they repres "a breakdown of the rule of law."h maintains, "it onli a matter of time befor these group step over the line. " they may begin roust other they dislik -- peopl "who are not the right skin color or the right religi persuasion," he says. 
 syria express support for a rival govern declar friday by it moslem alli after gemayel six-year term expired.th disput threaten to formal partit lebanon along sectarian line and rekindl the 13-year civil war. 
 as we develop more sophist and expens medications, azt will be rememb as a bargain.wher do we draw the line? 
 and even under the best of circumstances, u.s. offici say, it is unlik that all nine american hostag will be liberated.th reagan administr is tri to walk a fine line between make concess to terrorist and miss what some offici think is the most promis opportun yet to secur the hostag freedom. 
 a soar dollar would wipe out the competit edg of u.s. manufacturers, and probabl spark a recession.eaton may be walk a danger line by put so much faith in the lower dollar. 
 "we have decid that our origin disposit was not an appropri one," the court said.th influenti court has been close divid along partisan and ideolog lines. 
 "ideolog p.r." in washington (as publicist melinda patrician put it) is be handl by fenton communic inc., which arrang screen for civil-right group and communiti leaders, squeez mr. costa-gavra in with it effort as a regist foreign agent for the govern of angola. (the danni ortega and mauric bishop p.r. account have gone.)a press releas intones: "there is a fine line between fact and fiction. 
 you need truck to go everywhere," mr. mcmillin said.whil he was bullish on sara lee strategy, mr. mcmillin said integr food-servic compani -- which typic are entrepreneuri busi organ along region line -- often is a long and difficult process. 
 unless the case is settl out of court, it may yet establish a preced that help defin the differ between busi and pleasure.say stanley chesley, the cincinnati attorney repres mrs. goldstein: "it a fine line distinction, and ultim a juri will decide." 
 that began a polit fiasco that kill the industri chanc for a 1988 recovery.in what a congression aid call "the north-south war," the soybean associ split along region lines. 
 the committe also back reynold research that found "a substanti reduct in the irrit properties" of tobacco smoke in the air.but the rjr nabisco inc. unit continu to walk a narrow line between publish it research and promot it product as a safer cigarette. 
 the product is more expens to make than convent cigarett -- and that requir a higher price tag, which also mean go after a more affluent consumer.beyond that, the compani must walk a fine line in pitch the cigarett as "cleaner" without repres that it is healthier. 
 should it realli be the top defens prioriti of a philippin presid to dicker over more dollar from american allies?or is it perhap more import to draw a clear line against the soviet union increas militari presenc in the pacific? 
 but for 11 years, presid zia forestal polit liberalizations.a a result, social and polit pressur are start to pull pakistan apart, along ethnic lines. 
 if statist were collected, manhattan island would be terrifi by an astronom trade deficit.in anoth sens it is an artifact of econom fashion: a reflect of where economist current choos to draw line in a great circl of transactions: onc everyth -- goods, services, bond and so on -- is included, the account must balance; for everi buyer there has to be a seller. 
 some smoke foe claim it seek "endorsements."in ani event, reynold may be walk a fine line between get out the fact and get ensnar in regulatori problems. 
  "but we are will to stand on our scienc in term of what we have done to reduc various product of burn tobacco. is that a narrow line?it a veri narrow but import line." 
 in new zealand there are two groups, maori and pakeha, who believ they have legitim claim to resources.giv to one group mean take from the other, and the take in this case is inevit go to be along racial lines. 
 in fact, the feel often is like a box match, with first one contend and then the other strike a blow for his or her life style or point of view while the crowd applauds.in play of this kind the playwright often walk a thin line between a televis sitcom and real drama. 
 becaus of a paper shortage, izvestia is usual just six page and sever of those are for offici communiques.mostly, though, it is a question of decid where to draw the line. 
 this year and the next may be the worst ever for the municip market in term of low volum of new issues, but the market should then be pois for a turnaround, said paul sinsar, drexel nation institut sale manag of municip bonds.drexel itself is attempt to increas it presenc in the municip market, recent reorgan it public financ effort by divid the depart along region lines. 
 "to the extent the nomura invest repres a willing to back contest transactions, it is a strategi differ from ours," said peter rona, chief execut of ibj schroder bank & trust co., a u.s. unit of industri bank of japan.mr. drapkin of the revlon group and some other u.s. merger expert contend that the transact indic that japanes firms, led by nomura, will push harder in pursu u.s. acquisitions, stretch the line between what is a friend and hostil bid. 
 the studi found, in addition, that two-third of all parent owe support were becom delinqu within three year of the order.th situation, which cross all incom and class lines, contribut signific to the impoverish of women and children. 
 "this will caus more hard feel in {the houston suburb of} river oak than steal someon els maid," joke rep. charl wilson (d., texas)."bentsen will draw the line in the dust like travi at the alamo." 
 mr. weld outlin to the senators, in essence, the indict he would have brought against mr. meese, had he been the independ counsel.mr. weld said he resign becaus "i simpli felt that, in tri to do favor for his friend, mr. mees was drawn in over his head, and over the line of what the law allows." 
 telemarket make rapid stride at u.s. corporations.lin between telemarket and tradit market are fast blurring, say a confer board report. 
 split along partisan lines, the senat judiciari committe yesterday reject the controversi nomin of bernard siegan to the court of appeal for the ninth circuit in san francisco. 
 potenti run mate were requir to submit box of document and to complet a questionnair so detail that sen. glenn divid it among his advisers.th 50-question survey, which ran more than six page single-spaced, itself serv as a winnow agent; mr. nunn drew the line at answer it, and hous major leader thoma foley wife, who is also one of his closest advisers, found it onerous. 
 there an element of sycoph in mr. mackay, but he never seem grate obsequious.th interest thing about his approach is that it forc him to tread a thousand fine lines. 
 but feder offici charg that some of the compani are go too far."when you'r mislead the public, there a line.most of these group go way over the line," say philip gambino, a spokesman for the social secur administration. 
 "it ludicr and rather obsequi to pretend you are warm, close friend in a busi environment," say ms. martin, the columnist."it obscur the line of rank and command." 
 "there a way of hugging, and there a way of hugging.and that one was over the line. 
 yet, at times, justic scalia can be unpredictable.h has said the court should rethink it 1973 test in which local communiti standard are use to decid when pornographi is protect by the first amendment; the line is too hard to draw. 
 cement a parti structur that was establish onli with western pressur as a channel for arms, and with it cement fring politics, "could make afghanistan look like lebanon," say mohammad naim farahi, a tribal leader from farah province.a better solution, say most afghans, is a "loya jirga," or tradit afghan congress made up of district representatives, chiefli along tribal or ethnic lines. 
 competit did, as advertised, save money, but it also made insid inform far more valuabl -- and threaten to the entir procur system itself.oper ill wind, the code name for the two-year investig blow like a typhoon through the pentagon, is show that some competitor are go over the line in vy for contracts, which now total more than $160 billion a year. 
 but as the southeast economi has boom in thatcherit britain, the blot are threaten the picturesqu edg of the greenbelt.though the govern promis it won't step over the line, the tori are increas refus to sanctifi place that lie just outsid it. 
 one copyright lawyer familiar with advertis issu said that if the fight get to court, the disput would hing on whether soap opera is "realli poke fun at roll stone, or whether they'r just use that campaign as a cheap, if you will, creativ attempt to ride on their shirttails."ther is a fine line between parodi and copyright infringement. 
 yet to a larg degree, mr. jackson has accomplish what he set out to do when he first announc his candidaci for the democrat presidenti nomination.h has succeed in creat a movement across racial line -- a movement of societi have-not -- and give that movement a drive focus for it polit aspirations. 
 so it soon will start a program to train near 50,000 complianc manag and employe by dec. 31 in the right and wrong way to use statistics.it a fine line to walk. 
 at maryland coordin center, about 60% of the client are singl parents, often poor, young, inner-c women.prematur and diseas reach across class line to the best and the worst of mothers, but a poor mother is at least twice as like to have a babi born with low birthweight -- the babi at much higher risk of problem such as mental retardation, chronic lung ailments, blind and deafness. 
 at maryland coordin center, about 60% of the client are singl parents, often poor, young, inner-c women.prematur and diseas reach across class line to the best and the worst of mothers, but a poor mother is at least twice as like to have a babi born with low birthweight -- the babi at much higher risk of problem such as mental retardation, chronic lung ailments, blind and deafness. 
 indeed, if mr. wright were a member of the execut branch, even the trivia the ethic committe is will to investig might prove polit fatal.w can't get too concern about draw line between public and privat expenditur of an aid time, but in 1983 former assist hud secretari e.s. sava was driven out of washington becaus one of his assist without his knowledg had a govern secretari spend 20 hour type correct in the manuscript for his scholar book, "privat the public sector." 
 libya col. moammar gadhafi was given the floor at the summit close to deliv a long lectur on the histori of liber movements, liken the struggl of the palestinian to the fight of the algerian against the french.among the moderates, jordan king hussein in particular manag here to walk a fine line between demonstr support for the palestinian and appear to wish to usurp the plo posit as the legitim spokesman for palestinians. 
 the scammer themselv are quick to move at the first hint of trouble, surfac in a new place under a new name to fleec a new flock.and frequent good case can't be made against them anyway, becaus the line between outright fraud and uneth but technic legal behavior is often indistinct. 
 mani takeov lawyer cross the line between legal advis and busi strategist. 
 "it is not easi to have a consensus," he said, "becaus it is technic a complex problem."th issu of reducing, maintain or increas the cartel product ceil has divid the minist along the same line as the production-definit issue, with a major of eight clear in favor of some action to prop up weak oil prices. 
 market research show strong demand in the hispan communiti for what he call "cross-ov shows," which are similar in content and format to the general show but gear to the hispan audience."mus transcend cultur lines," he said. 
 "to go beyond is veri hard (but) if we don't do it now we'r lost."th respons is most power among black voters, where apartheid touch an emot chord reach across class lines. 
 "to go beyond is veri hard (but) if we don't do it now we'r lost."th respons is most power among black voters, where apartheid touch an emot chord reach across class lines. 
 but sacc field worker still oper abov ground, out in the open, where their effort to monitor and allevi the repress condit in the countri black township bring them into constant conflict with the authorities.mr. kgori and other field worker walk the fine line between social work, which is grudg toler by the government, and activism, which isn't. 
 mr. walker and some other conserv believ that confront has it place."w think there is some merit in draw the line in the sand and say we want to draw the distinct between conserv and liberals," rep.. walker says. 
 wall street sourc say odyssey hold just under 5% of amfac, though it hasn't bought share sinc late 1986.odyssey is among the invest firm newli blur the line between management-endors leverag buy-out and hostil takeov transactions. 
 "i guess i would argu that there some inform that shouldn't be getable," mr. lambert says."everyon would draw the line somewhat differently.obviously, we draw the line that video rental is one area where peopl should have protection." 
 so, it reinstat the 1986 decision, which was written by chief judg patricia wald.a has been the case on some other recent occasions, the appeal court was split along ideolog lines, with five judg appoint by democrat presid vote to approv the watchdog group stand and five appoint by presid reagan opposed. 
 sinc one reason for creat a diffus held corpor in the first place is to separ govern from investment, this measur would rais transact cost somewhat.but the line must be drawn somewher regard sharehold particip in compani decisions. 
 had these student been given a basic ground in principl of busi ethics, they would have learn that this "go along to get along" mental is exact what has gotten so mani compani into trouble.in the area of gather competitor inform -- where there is a fine line between aggress market research and corpor espionag -- few busi decis are without ethic ramifications. 
 now everybodi and his brother want out.now we can get away from the blurri line between pure entertain and disguis toy commercial." 
 mr. dukaki also is be view more favor by black voters, whose enthusiast support he will need in november.in new york, where mayor ed koch strident attack on mr. jackson help creat a campaign sharpli polar along racial lines, black voter view mr. dukaki unfavor by a margin of 33% to 27%. 
 but a former chun govern offici said there was "noth approach a power struggl after the inaugur of the new president."oth say mr. roh has been walk a fine line in the post-chun period between his own polit interest and loyalti to the old friend and fellow general whom he help bring to power in 1979. 
 yet it isn't easi to serv both giant aerospac concern and one-man machin shops.milacron also must walk a narrow line, suppli the machin that manufactur want today without back away from advanc technology. 
 norman m. coulson, presid of glenf inc., the glendale, calif.-bas parent of the nation fifth-largest thrift, note that his institut has good will on it book stem from acquisit of troubl thrift that were made in the earli 1980s to help the fslic."i'm concern about how they draw the line," he said. 
 earlier this month, a major invest bank firm, shearson lehman hutton inc., took an equiti posit in a group seek control of kopper co., a pittsburgh construct materi concern.th move mark the first time in memori a takeov advis cross the line to act as a hostil suitor. 
 "the trend is to respect individu privaci a lot more and toler unorthodox life styles," say terri l. leap, a manag professor at clemson univers who has studi off-duti firings.h add that the grow use of drug test -- and subsequ fire -- has heighten the issu becaus it "draw the line between public and privat conduct." 
 like ms. luckyn-malone, whose research is supplement by a nikko secur co. affili in tokyo, mr. wignal insist that gt ultim rest it invest decis on fundamentals.for dimension fund advisors, the solut to tokyo inscrut is eleg simple: with help from nomura secur co., dfa rank compani in the tokyo stock exchang first section by market capitalization, draw a line between big and small stocks, and buy all the small one -- around 550 of them. 
 that, he says, is worrisome: "if the ethic of the corpor becom the ethic of the universities, then we'r realli in trouble."even now, univers busi program "walk a lot thinner line regard ethic than they use to," say charl hickman, director of project and member servic for the american assembl of collegi school of business. 
 in the ibm culture, that like russia politburo beg report to write about a hot young parti member.ibm draw the line on too much technic detail, however. 
 nbc and disney would like share profit from reruns, which may be syndic by disney buena vista sibling, if their comedi seri ultim is sold to local stations.a the line between cabl tv and the rest of the busi blur, cabl is mimick some of regular tv most timeworn techniques, such as the spinoff. 
 "what british attorney would defend a nazi in the second world war?" he asks. "in israel, we are at war, and if you defend terrorist you cross the line into the enemi camp."ms. tsemel cross that line just after the 1967 war. 
 none of the lead democrat has the nerv -- so far -- to demand from him a more complet accounting."in moderation," kevin phillips, the gop theoretician, said earlier this week, "some of that might actual help the democrats, but draw the line is go to be veri tricky." 
 a member of the japanes negoti team confirm that tokyo want the talk to continue, and said it has offer "sincer and substant proposals" and that "some progress has been made."th japanes acknowledged, though, that they had fail to reach agreement with the u.s. on sever issues, includ how to draw a line between the public and privat sector in the project discussed. 
 the structur of the partnership also allow the group to bypass feder antitrust regul that would have prohibit the member from easili accumul a larg posit in kopper stock; yesterday, the group disclos that it held a 7.45% stake in the company.bi join the hostil bid, shearson step over the line invest bank have long consid but rarely, if ever, crossed. 
 it also yield 10 to 12 basi point less than a compar ford motor credit offer in the u.s., accord to syndic specialists.however, the lacklust recept of general electr capit corp. mid-februari $250 million issu may demonstr that even a top-rat borrow can overstep the line between inexpens financ and an over aggress deal, syndic specialist argue. 
 we hear it as a rumor," say the investor."wher do you draw the line between a rumor and insid information?" 
 he add that onli about 50% of the financi planner affili with the compani work on commiss anyway; the other work for a fee.th seri bring up yet again the controversi over paid programming, which can blur the line between news and advertising. 
 mr. timmeny, now in privat practic in washington, is frequent hire by corpor board in such situations.that "bright line," he says, is a compani formal concensus to go after an acquisition. 
 but wast manag executives, he says, never cross it.oth say the line isn't quit so clear. 
 allegi corp. plan to make a $2.84 billion tender offer for 63% of it share appear to straddl the line in a tug-of-war between sharehold and the compani management. 
 "dan rather was out of control," said christin dolan, who direct cabl news network polit coverage."h had the right to press the vice president, but he cross the line with his badgering." 
 rancher play classic music to their cattl in the barns, while out in the fields, worker and their famili live on diet of leftov silage."th line between moral and immor has vanished," say fernando collor de mello, the governor.th drive to redraw that line start here sever year ago, when a state assemblyman name antonio saturnino de mendonca neto rais charg that the govern was full of money-grab loafers. 
 all major dealer are "certain less aggressive" in posit larg block of bonds, say robert dennis, presid of massachusett financi servic mfs manag municip bond trust.th brokerag firm are walk a "fine line between serv their custom and manag their own risk," he says. 
 for example, the question of "how much is too much" of a specif toxic chemic is one that has bedevil regulatori agenc sinc the begin of modern toxic law.even after a chemic is absolut confirm to caus cancer, base on laboratori or workplac doses, there is extens debat over the danger of smaller doses, and where or whether to draw a line between amount worth worri about and amount that can more or less be safe ignored. 
 even after a chemic is absolut confirm to caus cancer, base on laboratori or workplac doses, there is extens debat over the danger of smaller doses, and where or whether to draw a line between amount worth worri about and amount that can more or less be safe ignored.und the typic toxic control law, govern scientist and regul have the job of decid where to draw the line for each chemical; and until the line is drawn, in effect, the law is not in force. 
 this has long been a societi divid between the "haves" and the "will haves," to steal a phrase.when the day arriv that class line grow rigid, when we are a nation of perman have and have-nots, we will have becom someth other than america. 
 he propos develop "the idea of a refer zone that can be sustain for at least 18 months."oth echo this thought, though at least one wonder -- as i do -- whether there is ani defens line between the float rate that have prove so unstabl and fix rate intend to take preced over domest econom policy. 
 what this indic is that when order growth acceler . . . each increment revenu dollar will generat a lot of profit," mr. schulman added.sinc the stock market crash, digit has been tri to walk a fine line between expand market share -- by increas sale and market spend -- and control costs. 
 should -- and can -- the schools, mani of which are alreadi overburdened, take on the ad reponsibility?how sharpli should the line be drawn between the school educ and care functions? 
 when pressed, heinz eiermann, head of color and cosmet for the fda, conced that the peopl who buy these thing probabl "like to be fooled."but he say "there a line -- it may be a fuzzi line -- where you have to say, enough is enough." 
 "in the word of gypsi rose lee," ms. hoyt said, "you gotta have a gimmick."thi gimmick, mani pr consult concur, cross the line. 
 even now, univers busi program "walk a lot thinner line regard ethic than they use to," say charl hickman, director of project and member servic for the american assembl of collegi school of business.but in the case at west virginia univers colleg of busi and economics, the student not onli walk the line. 
 however, you'r miss the point.th constant danc on the border of what is crimin and what is not and the consist cross of the line of what is ethic by the attorney general of the unit state -- the highest legal offic in the land -- make a mockeri of our sens of justice. 
 "but most public compani fail to see the differ between a (short-term) bridg loan and an equiti investment, anyway.shearson step over the line, but it shouldn't hurt them. 
 the race mingl in depart store and at downtown restaurants, where citi employe all eat between noon and one.but beneath the cordial is a schism, larg along racial lines. 
 onc this happens, everyth from a phone call to a breakfast meet in the corpor dine room amount to corpor activ on behalf of a candid -- someth forbidden by the campaign laws.it too soon to say with certainti where the line is or how much one has to do to cross it. 
 broadway new hit, "the phantom of the opera," take place in the dim recess of a 19th centuri pari opera house.th dark, omin set deliber blur the line between audienc and stage; for instance, the proscenium has been move forward to embrac sever row of balconi seats.but the line between insid and outsid the theater has also been blurred. 
 but the law doesn't spell out clear what those "steps" could be, allow for sharpli differ opinion on the matter."you look for the bright line beyond which you should not trade," say wallac timmeny, a former deputi director of the secur and exchang commiss enforc divis who was hire by wast manag special committe to lead the investig of the insid trade allegations. 
 mr. timmeny, now in privat practic in washington, is frequent hire by corpor board in such situations. that "bright line," he says, is a compani formal concensus to go after an acquisition.mr. timmeni say that individu trader within a compani may reach that line befor the compani itself. 
 and no. 2, (if they do) it should be reveal that that is the arrangement," he says."that a fine line across which one shouldn't pass." 
 the obvious repli is that "tour of duty" is much more than a macho shoot-'em-up.within the constraint of prime time, it offer power yet clear-ey dramat of such divers topic as racial conflict, substanc abuse, the insensit of journalists, the arrog of anti-war protesters, the poignanc of reunion with love ones, the power of letter from home, trust and mistrust toward the south vietnamese, the line between use braveri and useless heroics, the ambit of officers, the decept of the enemy. 
 while we believ that we should have onli the govern we need, our respons to the most vulner member of our societi requir that we also have all the govern we need.wher the line get drawn is alway a matter of judgment. 
 we should consid set up special camp in our more underpopul state such as wyom or montana, where noncontribut segment of the popul can perform use work . . ."anoth letter sniffs: "as view from the other, presum greener, side of the line, i can assur you it is imposs to obtain the servic of a compet housekeeper. 
 they sit around hope someon will sudden say, let call it jell-o.'"brainstorm are alway walk the fine line of faux pas. 
 madison respond that the distinct was "altogeth fanciful.if a line can be drawn between the power grant and the right retained, it would seem to be the same thing, whether the latter be secured, by declar that they shall not be abridged, or that the former shall not be extended." 
 the high court let stand the feder reserv board approv for a bank hold company, a subsidiari of nation westminst bank plc, britain largest commerci bank, to oper a brokerag subsidiari that trade secur and offer invest advice.th fed approv was anoth in a seri of regulatori step that have blur the line between the bank and secur industries. 
 we'r inclin to think that the vice presid deserv some defend on this point.h alon seem will to say that a line has to be drawn somewher in front of the dead-end polit of the iran-contra affair. 
 mani are concern that reduc the overhang quick will wreck alreadi shaken markets, but there is pressur on the regul from congress and develop to sell as much as they can as soon as they can, and the pace seem to be quickening."you walk a veri fine line between fulfil your mandat of wind up the affair of the institution, and not creat disrupt in the marketplace," say thoma procopio, the feder save and loan insur corp. southern region director for receivership activities. 
 it was all too mellow to be believed, but they probabl would have gotten away with it, had they not felt compel to add ms. collin signatur tune, "amaz grace," and ask for audienc participation.that went over the permiss line for warm and fuzzi feelings. 
 "i'd be destroy myself," repli mr. korotich, who then asks, "what would that accomplish?"hi answer reveal his vulner -- it also draw the line that soviet societi must cross to enter the normal dialogu of western culture.it is the line beyond which the press can report not onli on the bankruptci of factori but on the failur of even admir leaders. 
 "peopl see extra messag in advertising, and if a manufactur is clear tri to get someth out of it . . . if it too transpar . . . then consum will see through that," warn john philip jones, chairman of the advertis depart at the newhous school of public communic at syracus university."it can backfir becaus compani can step across the line and go too far, be too pushy," agre gari stibel, a princip with new england consult group, westport, conn. 
 the fcc now say 8 p.m. is the time that is all right to begin air indec materi becaus children aren't like listen in great numbers. earlier, the agenc set the decenc line at midnight, but an appeal court reject that time as too restrictive."you have to draw some lines," said robert pettit, the fcc general counsel. 
 consult have said that it will take a while for all the piec of the ibm strategi to fall into place, even though the specif product ibm unveil will general be avail by the end of the first quarter.sam albert, a consult in scarsdale, n.y., said that in the past ibm has develop broad softwar strategi onli for problem that cross industri lines. 
 moreover, ticket split appear to take the same peculiar pattern at the state govern level as it doe at the feder level.st govern is more typic split along republican-governor/democratic-legislatur line than the reverse. 
 it has been right observ that the main thing wrong with taint money is, t'aint enough of it.a hand of the new crowd oper have cross the line from the immor to the illegal, and have end up in the slammer or pay huge fines: ivan boesky, denni levine, martin siegel, victor and steven posner, and now michael milken and perhap leona helmsley. 
 although wang will report a loss for the first quarter end sept. 30 and the full fiscal year, mr. miller say he expect the compani will return to profit by the fourth quarter.expert on sale techniqu say anyon repres a troubl compani must walk a fine line. 
 that the convent theori anyway.in practice, however, the line between interpret and redefinit of the crimin law long ago began to blur. 
 or did mr. chestman onli hear a market rumor (which one may law trade upon)?th line seem aw thin for criminal-law purposes. 
 although the averag citizen is probabl not harm too much from washington rhetor war against wall street regard excess financi leveraging, actual legisl would probabl impos consider harm.ani such attempt to distinguish "good debt" from "bad debt," or to draw the line at a particular industry, such as the airlines, is like to blunt the spur that the proper amount of leverag provid both to equiti market and econom effici in general. 
 "in most cases, the client is more inclin to be conserv becaus they want to protect a franchis that can take onli so much fiddling," say mr. lindsay."you'r tread a fine line." 
 indeed, research is the one clear compar advantag that educ institut have over other competitor in the field of human-resourc development.th line between educ and train is often a fine one, and european busi school should continu to ensur that the valu they can provid is differ from that of consult firm and in-hous corpor train programs. 
 news show use to be sacrosanct -- you show real footag or you didn't show anything.today, those line are blurred. 
 bush antitrust offici may not attack a substanti greater number of merger than the reagan administration, but their choic of case will signal an intent to appli a tighter mesh.th antitrust divis treatment of coor propos acquisit of stroh brew will indic where mr. rill plan to draw the line. 
 "we'v all done busi with them -- sold them car or houses," say a cali banker and polo club member who sometim has difficulti reach his offic floor becaus the narcos, who also have offic in his building, have bribe the elev oper with soccer ticket to stop onli at their floors."it veri difficult to draw the line." 
 what shock at first becom routin the fourth time, and "normal" the 14th.the line in mainstream film was cross in 1976 in "silver streak," a success comedi with gratuit violenc spice up the slapstick. 
 alreadi there have been passion exhang over the issu of syria.but the debat hasn't follow strict sectarian lines. 
 -- mr. breeden said the regul system could be strengthen by improv coordin among regulators.th sec and the commod futur trade commiss "should tri to develop mutual accept propos to defin product and jurisdict lines," he said, and the lack of clariti in determin jurisdict "doe advers affect u.s. competitiveness." 
 "bush has frustrat them, in part by do so little, in part by preserv his popularity.h been a difficult target and they'r so eager for a partisan confront to draw the line with him that they'v seiz on this." 
 he succeed richard t. gerstner, who has a chronic back problem that has kept him from work full-tim and who will move into an unspecified, special assignment.mr. cannavino, 45 year old, will bring more technic knowledg to the job than mr. gerstner possess -- at a time when the line between person comput and workstat is blurring, creat a confus array of technic choices. 
 but some bank have particip in leverag buy-out under waiver allow them to buy near 50% of small businesses.in the current climat in which sever leverag compani have run into trouble, unsettl the entir junk-bond market, the fed appar drew the line at allow the del mont unit to qualifi as a small business. 
 among his choic are coca-cola, merck, procter & gambl and philip morris.ther is a fine line between an economi that crawl and one that falls.mickey levy, chief economist at first fidel bancorp. in philadelphia, say he think the economi is walk that line. 
 thus, compani say they'r forc into a balanc act.say mr. brainard of refin sugars, "you'r realli walk a fine line between be abl to attract good peopl and be abl to run a profit busi without give away the store." 
 in scene like the one in which shirer cooper with a u.s. naval intellig offic request to do a littl spi on the side, the film illustr veri clear that the surviv of press freedom depend on that of legitim constitut government.when confront with a world-class liar like goebbels, or (more recently) with the kind of peopl who thought noth of whitewash the blood from tiananmen square, it hearten to know that a line still exist between journalist pride and journalist hubris. 
 under the senat bill, for example, a compani could be requir to offer ani benefit to 90% of employe and pay at least 60% of the costs.a senat aid familiar with section 89 say rep. rostenkowski "has move the line with this new proposal, but he hasn't abandon the principle. 
 "there a lot to be said for it," say william poole, a brown univers economist and former presidenti econom adviser."it would promot clear line of responsibility." 
 the $60 million sear just pocket from the state of illinoi in exchang for retain it headquart in the state may well repres a competit brake on the avaric of the state government.but there is a fine line separ tax rate reduct from the public dole. 
 "i believ in let compani have a reason return.but where doe one draw the line and say you'v made enough profit, and now it unseemly?" ask peter jensen, chief of infecti diseas of the san francisco va hospital. 
 some peopl even blame ir inact for encourag the epidem of build-noth bonds.th more aggress secur firm "put a foot over the chalk line and look around, and nobodi said anything," say austin koenen, vice chairman of the public secur association, "so everyon els move over the line." 
 the languag would extend this prohibit to the 20% of domest flight that aren't current cover by the no-smok rule.th same long-dist traffic account for a larger share -- more than a third -- of total airlin passengers, and tobacco alli had hope to draw the line at two hours. 
 the 37-year-old mrs. ros-lehtinen, who was born in havana, defeat mr. richman, 48, a miami lawyer, by 53% to 47% in a bitter fought race that pit mrs. ros-lehtinen littl havana constitu against mr. richman jewish constitu center in miami beach.both candid were critic for urg voter to cast their ballot along ethnic lines. 
 of workahol behaviorwith mani manag routin put in 60 hour work weeks, it may seem hard for them to know when they'v cross the line from simpli work hard to the unhealthi obsess of workaholism. 
 voter condemn the press for print all this inform at the same time they read everi word of it voraciously."draw the line is tricki business, but when it come to heterosexu politicians, at least there are a few basics. 
 "this is unquestion an indirect shot at general mills," say john mcmillin, food analyst at prudential-bach secur inc., note the question rais about the studi cite in general mill advertis for benefit.a for how one can distinguish between a "claim" and a "message," he says, "it a veri fine line." 
 ileana ros-lehtinen, who got 53% of the vote, is the first cuban-american elect to congress.both candid in the bitter fought race were critic for urg voter to cast ballot along ethnic lines. 
 mr. helmsley, 80 year old, was name in the indict but judg john walker jr. rule he wasn't well enough to stand trial.tax lawyer say the case involv area where it is hard to draw the line between crimin activ and defici tax practices. 
 "we'v got a lot of client that will never do this," stephen l. nesbitt, wilshir head of pension consulting, say of junk investing."for a lot of foundat and public funds, this cross the line of polit acceptability." 
 ---your writer remind us the problem cut across all socioeconom lines, affect all age groups, and result in stagger human and financi losses. 
 add john p. schaefer, an outsid board member who now is chairman, no one want to infring on mr. greve author and discretion."ther is a fine line," he says, "between oversight and interf in management." 
 moscow appear will to permit non-communist to attempt to reviv warsaw falter economi so long as the soviet union secur interest are protected.mr. walesa understand that there are line drawn by the soviet that his movement can't cross. 
 for hous and senat appropriators, chang prioriti mean adapt old method to new ends.tradit line of jurisdict blur as foreign-aid, space and militari account are tap for environment projects. 
 by slight modifi it technic standards, the new order add the ibm ps/2 model 50 and it clone to the list of desktop to be taken off the control list.th earlier decis drew the line at the ps/2 model 30 and their equivalents. 
 now congress, it seems, is close the windows, pull the shades, and bar the door, lest the public see the light.sometime, somewhere, the presid need to draw the line. 
 draw deepli on a lucki strike, he says: "we never had a problem with the nea until an acknowledg homosexu who die of aid -- and i'm sorri he did -- came along with a seri of photograph design to promot homosexuality.ther i draw the line."it is a line that mani beltway cassandra say may divid lawmak in "the smut and obscen vote of the year," a line run through an except tricki polit quagmire, in which the basic aesthet issu tend to sink below the surface. 
 over the decades, the suprem court has determin that so-cal commerci speech -- which it defin as speech lead to a commerci transact -- has less protect than doe the rest of speech.so if you say "buy finnegan ice cream," that has less protect than if you say "ice cream is good for you." (if you say "finnegan ice cream is good for you," it debat whether you'r lead up to a commerci transaction, which is one problem with draw line when line shouldn't be drawn.) 
 the lawsuit say mr. campbel inform mr. meier of inquiri made by the sec and the complianc depart of merril lynch and smith barney.lawy who have follow such case say there is a fine line between illeg insid trade and piggy-back that doesn't violat the law. 
 famili dissolution, moreover, is often the consequ rather than the caus of the econom reshuffl we are see in america.whil it is true that complex cultur chang have creat a steadi rise in divorc and illegitimaci dure most of the 20th centuri (the u.s. has had the highest divorc rate in the world sinc 1899), peopl with the lowest educ attain and greatest vulner to poverti have histor had the highest rate of divorce, illegitimaci and child neglect. (sexual abus is much more even distribut across class lines.) these are the peopl who have been the big loser sinc the late 1960s. 
 even peopl who did not accept that logic would have regard it as involv an unnecessari and undesir deflect of tax and expenditur program from their long-run course.ther was a polici consensus in favor of option b in a mild recess and option c in a sever one, with the main argument about how to draw the line between mild and severe. 
 "there is no doubt that there is some type of conduct involv the deliber releas of fals inform that may not just be libel but may also be fraudulent," agre mr. abrams, the libel attorney.but becaus so few suit are file over competit tactic -- and almost none ever decid in court -- the hazi line between what fair and what illeg can be hard to pin down. 
 but becaus so few suit are file over competit tactic -- and almost none ever decid in court -- the hazi line between what fair and what illeg can be hard to pin down."th line is not easi to define," say mr. hanson. 
 "but it come when an organ becom more concern with destroy a compet busi than in demonstr that it own good and servic are superior."h adds, "when the sole purpos of a market strategi is the defeat of a certain company, then the compani has gone across a line that probabl will lead into question behavior." 
 the clear suggest was that they had decid to throw the support of their power ldp faction behind mr. kaifu.tsutomu hata, a takeshita-fact diet member and former agricultur minister, said in a televis interview that mr. kaifu is "the type of person who cross faction lines," mean that he could be support by member of other factions. 
 advertis agenc are use to difficult clients, but sometim you have to draw the line. 
 the u.s. group fear a return to the violenc of the earli 1980s by death squad that have been link to some arena parti leaders."w believ the line has to be drawn veri clear on el salvador," say mr. byrn of cispes. 
 i think it fair to say that i would like to have the luxuri of be abl to make a cut as to some type of person that i would defend, and other that i would prefer not to.ther are peopl or institut that are legitimate, that have a real business, and who step over the line, and have to be held account for it. 
  there was thus a limit to wilson patienc . he public set it at the line where admit neutral right were infring after protract warn , and he made it a point of nation self-respect and honor to defend those right .
  the vital judici issu is apt , therefor , to be their accommod . decis thus becom essenti a matter of draw line .
  usual we come out that i can tell the compani everyth that i think will matter in the least bit to what he go to be like on the job from nine to five . if i thought he was go to be cruis at the water cooler at ten-thirti in the morn , i might have to draw the line .
  he was go to be put into confin , perhap for month ; he would be almost entir depriv of direct contact with other human be ; he would live in a steril , purifi world . and then deliber with further drug and radiat treatment he was go to be driven down to the fine line which separ life from death .
  what did it mean ? where was the line between intimaci and privaci ?
  she was surpris when shirley told her that the higgins , shirley first parents-in-law , had spoken of her as a socialist . all she had ever done was draw the line between possibl and inconceiv behavior , which were her person substitut for right and wrong .
  present , when jame gave a farewel parti becaus his sister and brothers-in-law were leav pari , he casual invit the maurel and the ziff . here they drew the line : enough was enough .
  i can't see ani basic differ between sell your bodi for sex and sell it for basebal or footbal ; or for that matter , sell the abil to write or draw . with sex , the line between give a dinner or a trinket and give cash seem particular thin .
  by ignor the democrat mean that is perhap the most basic tenet of liber , these new liber in fact abandon their earlier faith . not surpris , conserv welcom this chang of heart , as well as the program of social order and econom develop , thus blur the line between the two histor rival .
  this attitud is at the root of most of the cheat that has becom so preval late , abov all among success student in " good " school . the line is not easi to draw between read a teacher mind , or make him think you know what you don't know , and outright cheat .
  studi the human condit , a writer use such enlighten as come to hand . and as for the sex , artist in everi field have been abl to cross that line ; it is common knowledg that witch can chang their sex at will .
  in 1916 , harvard research physiologist regard the engin scienc somewhat as philosoph of the sixteenth centuri look on barber-surgeon use creatur but hard to be includ in the guild of scholar . when cecil propos the appoint of his brother philip , he step across tradit academ line .
  it labor director and faculti member were progress or radic . no polit line were drawn in admit student so that typic the student bodi includ conserv trade unionist as well as communist parti member .
  on the other hand , we should seek to minim , if not entir elimin , our militari presenc in the less develop countri of asia , and we should minim allianc that commit us irrevoc to their defens , particular in unilater action , or run the risk of embroil us in their civil war . it will not alway be easi to draw the line between undesir militari role and use one .
  forward suppli can larg be store in these same area , and land forc are best held in reserv on our own soil . draw a line between militari aid and militari involv may be harder , but it can be done if we keep the distinct clear in mind .
  to lincoln charg that popular sovereignti was incompat with the dred scott decis , dougla repli that citizen of a territori could bypass the decis simpli by fail to pass law to protect slaveri , sinc slaveri obvious could not exist anywher without law to protect it . the repli was suffici to let dougla gain re-elect to the senat in illinoi , but it split the democrat parti into slaveri and popular-sovereignti faction which divid along section line .
  the fact is , howev , that while the regim has fluctuat between permiss and crackdown , noth fundament has chang . the suppos new freedom and reform all stop safe befor the line where they might imping on the power monopoli .
  the object was to make a kill , and noth less would do . the climb curv of the dow-jon averag was liter a fever chart of a specul virus which cross all social and econom line .
  mispris is one thing ; cocksur , quick-on-the-trigg judgment are anoth . it is a narrow line we walk , alway , between help and hindranc .
  the relationship between the two is dialect ; it is imposs to determin in the abstract at what exact point a gang of common crimin becom a revolutionari armi . in practic , prime minist trudeau conclud that with the kidnap of the british diplomat , jame cross , and pierr laport , the quebec liber front ( flq ) had cross the line .
  it is no wonder that mani of the old sourdough made it a practic to break up partnership befor the winter set in , live like hermit until spring mellow the atmospher and made companionship desir again . for those who normal tread at the veri edg of mental disord , the advent of the long dark is the catalyt agent that push them over the line into the realm of insan .
  she turn to confront him , a spark of anger in her eye . " that goe beyond the line of pleas , sir !
  adam was prone to absent himself from capit and cabinet when congress was not in session , tempt his subordin to seek other counsel . but hamilton overstep the line of proprieti , inde of candor .
  as far as i'm concern , if anyon expect me to accept his rule on sex , he must prove that he doesn't have dusti cobweb insid his skull or in his crotch . have said all that , i can almost hear your next question : is there ani place where daddi doe draw the line ?
  at a height of 6 feet , 4 inch and weight of 220 pound , greg cook is cut from the mold that roman gabriel has made fashion for quarterback star . much more handsom than namath , with blond hair swirl mod-styl about his face , greg say , " there a hairlin differ between confid and overconfid and i'm sit right on that line . "
  in fact , the religion of mani simpl peopl are more involv than our own . where we draw the line between superstit and religion , primit man doe not .
  and he favor husband accompani their wive to the hospit , don a white smock , and lend their emot support dure labor . but after that he drew the line .
  " while canterburi stood silent , a kent state functionari stare at lunin and said , " those student shouldn't be on that hill . there has to be a line drawn somewher .
  on some region , in fact , specialist have strong tie to the third market becaus they are free , as big board specialist are not , to shop with third-market firm when tri to buy or sell block . the line between the third market and the other market are blur in other way .
  right now you may be in love with rachael and tri to know the limit of that love . appar the line is drawn short of marriag .
  for what one practition has term " therapi virgin , " howev member with no previous experi of group therapi the marathon is not without it danger . ordinari neurot well within the border of ani definit of saniti often undergo in their daili live state that verg on the psychot ; a marathon may push these person over the line into an actual psychosi .
  here was age inconceiv but not death , for the moon had never live until now . the descend ship was pois almost abov the line divid night from day , and direct below was a chao of jag shadow and brilliant , isol peak catch the first light of the slow lunar dawn .
  from canada come an exampl of this genr , zero the fool , a movi shot , edit and direct by morley markson and in this case , the name and major event don't seem to have been tamper with even slight . kay armatag , a critic for montreal avant-gard bimonth take one , review this final assault on the thin line separ " cinema life " from " real life . "
  okay . most of us have to function somewher below the genius line .
  it sheer presumpt to suppos that the organ orient of matter is ani more live than the inorgan , it sheer human vaniti to imagin the soul is ani more immut than a piec of rock , a pebbl in a penguin nest . draw for me , the ice said , the line between life and not-lif .
  i mere lack the hammer of thigh and hip muscl which normal drive the nail home . the line between me and the youth frolick in the sea with my girl was a thin one , but i couldn't step over it .
  and then , in a quiet voic , almost as though she were talk to herself , as though she had forgotten the exist of the other , annett said : " where will it end ? where will the line be drawn ?
  how is it go to be close again ? who go to draw the line ?
  a somewhat smaller percentag of marri coupl complain that their mothers-in-law are too indiffer and disinterest in them . these repres the two side of a veri narrow line that a mother must walk as soon as her child marri .
  in franc the best athlet have job at which they do littl or no work , in order to permit them to concentr on train . even australia , one of the few nation that still hold a firm line between amateur and profession , send it team to camp for an extend pre-olymp period .
  the front had been brought much closer to shore ; it now lay onli two hour from port , where sky and water met in the west . that was the thin line between war and peac .
  " young ladi , i'm afraid some of your idea need rethink befor you carri them out into the world . " it was a pleasant tough smile on a face itself pleasant tough , despit the blur of line that overweight and the pass year had brought , and shirley answer smile lit up the corner of her person .
  when the servic is over , the famili sit down to a robust meal and a good long chat , for convers remain an essenti part of life in the absenc of such pale substitut as televis . general , howev , work and religion are the twin theme becaus the amish draw no line between work and religion and life .
  i was , in part , terribl discourag , but at the same time excit by the narrow escap from victori . the line between the russian cellist cooper and reject seem so thin .
  in general , childhood phobia are less serious than phobia which develop later in life . it is difficult to draw a fine line between univers fear and common phobia .
  one of the toughest depart troubleshoot . his presenc reflect the sensit line between air forc and state .
  no. she could not prove that mrs. willymor had secret intent , or that her word were fals . the line between recov and has recov was fine .
  equal , on it posit side , reflect the desir of individu to emul the good life as exemplifi by other , to catch up , to improv , to excel , to realiz more fulli their potenti , to develop and express themselv , to contribut , to count ( and be count ) as respons actor in their time . but across a thin line lie the other aspect of the drive for equal .
  one of the most import paint from this find , front face , a portrait of a negro child in a soldier suit , realiz $67,000 at parke-bernet in 1970 . sometim the line between expertis and plain dumb luck is veri thin .
  from here on , either he would sit on his own front porch watch his cattl feed on his hillsid , or he would return to san souci and give himself up . was the line between heaven and hell realli so thin ?
  the definit of alcohol is vagu , and the diagnosi is difficult . it not alway easi to know where to draw the line between a strong depend on alcohol and out-and-out alcohol .
  senat are constant ask to choos between particular region need and nationwid goal , and the good one learn to balanc their loyalit . they walk a fine line in do it . the career diplomat in kabul also had a fine line to walk .
 