"this money has never been carri out of the compani in cash, but it must have been transform at one point into cash," he said."so from frankfurt there is possibl a line of bank account that will shed more light on this." 
 "i will be out of work shortly; that whi i want to leave," say ruben arabean, a 30-year-old engineer, marri with two children.a he wait in line for his immigr visa at the australian embassy, he explains: "i want to live in a countri where thing are plan out, where the budget is approv at the begin of the year, not at the end." 
 my eye were wide open in search of the unknown.a i move my platoon of 20-odd teen-ag through the jungle, i chose to walk third in the line of march. 
 in quito, where build rock and crack but didn't collapse, automobil use is restrict and soldier guard the gas stations.at quito air forc base, earthquak victim wait in line for hour to hitch ride on cargo plane to the earthquak zone. 
 the columnist goe on: "if a person is kind, or generous, it an event."h mail, she says, touch on sore spot rang from poor manner in supermarket line to talk dure movies. 
 so did peopl magazine, ap and a dozen photographers.outside, a line of custom wait to get in. 
 the head of an intern bank in singapor confirm that he send his driver onto the street everi weekday at 5 a.m. with instruct not to return without a copy.bi get out so early, the driver can be first in line when the newsstand open. 
 edward, just six month old, most sleep and eat banana mush.hi mother most sit in line and watch kung fu and wildlif film on the four closed-circuit televis screen in the dingi recept area.about 300 other black peopl who have come to regist for one thing or anoth are also wait and watching, and more are stand in an even longer line outside. 
 for their part, some indigen valley resid complain that their nativ soil has alreadi becom a verit coloni of the midwest.a latino businessman saw someth symbol about recent spend 20 minut in a cafeteria line behind a group of winter texans, onli to find that the mexican entre was sold out by the time he was served. 
 mr. hodel, a former energi secretary, has been the most outspoken cabinet member on the threat to the u.s. from depend on oil imports.h has been warn that unless the u.s. chang it ways, it will face gasolin line within two to five years. 
 am i right or am i wrong?"h is everi bit as high on his scheme to unifi this bifurc citi with a line of gondola suspend 320 feet abov the mississippi river. 
 for most of nine hour we prowl the shorelin and place in the lake where weed or fallen tree punctur the water surface.w cruis a line of rundown boat sheds, and cook slip a neat cast into each. 
 the japanese, sociologist note, tend to follow the crowd.they measur the qualiti of ice cream, for example, by the length of the line in front of the shop. 
 c-ld-r l-v-s v-nna read a sign in caldor book department.th 1,000 or so peopl fight for a place in line have no troubl fill in the blanks. 
 "nope," say ms. white firmly.sh has onli 90 minut to sign book for the privileg 250 who queu up befor caldor close off the line. 
 ms. white kiss a littl girl who bring her a rose."g me a kiss," yell some high school boy in the middl of the long and wind line. 
 "i get her first," say his friend and classmat kevin marski.meanwhile, a woman offer dan kelli a $1 bribe to cut into the bulg line and get ms. white to autograph a book. 
 mr. kent believ the incident, which last two or three minutes, may have been connect to some sort of high-energi weapon experiment.two year ago, mr. nonella buckaroo found four dead cattl lie in a straight line one mile long, their chest and belli pock by some sort of lesions. 
 some food shortag were reported.tour slump and line for visa and passport form as peopl sought to leav the south pacif nation. 
 so there a new emphasi on tri to make such transact just a bit more pleasant.in new york and some other cities, for example, the servic is experi with comput that can tell custom how long they'll wait in line befor be helped. 
 but a consumer-pric index wouldn't captur the full measur of inflation.expert note that rampant repress inflat show up in long line at stores, poor qualiti of goods, new product that contain no improv over cheaper earlier model and shrink select on store shelves. 
 back in december, harrison j. goldin was at the front of a long line of institut investor itch to take a verbal swipe at general motor corp. and it chairman, roger smith. 
 then amid profound silenc he assur his audience, sedat and terrified, that while their person safeti was most dear to him he felt bound to confid that the plane comput system was down, he had no idea how much fuel was left in the plane, and he was plan an unschedul land in atlanta forthwith.such episod are now the convers loos chang of airport bar and taxi lines. 
 he the leader-elect of west germani biggest party, the social democrats, and he stand befor a downtown hall full of worker in a citi that long been a spd stronghold.down the street, monument to the german welfar state -- the health office, the employ offic and the union -- stand in a line. 
 it actual a wast of time to debat the merit of each case, becaus under our current tort system, it realli doesn't matter who was wrong or respons for the injury.in this society, if someon get hurt, somebody, anybodi must pay -- and a line of hungri trial lawyer will be wait outsid the hospit room to get a share of the action. 
 but while alysheba win made him big stuff with the turf cognoscenti, it was, as usual, onli a rumor to a larg part of the throng of 130,000 that annual turn the old twin-spir track into the nation biggest picnic grounds.behind me in the serpentin taxi line outsid the track after the race was a sunburn young coupl lug a huge cooler. 
 but not near as mani immigr show up the first day as had been expected.th wait-and-se attitud among wari illeg immigr was typifi by rudolfo aspara contreras, a nativ of michoacan, mexico, who spent the morn observ a line of applic outsid a houston process center. 
 the distribut of applications, and the process of the few turn in yesterday, appear to go smooth in most locations.th in had brace for a crush of applicants; in houston, for instance, when long line began form a day early, offici pass out applic to about 1,000 befor the law actual took effect. 
 he frequent the flea markets.h line up daili outsid state part shops, finger a list of scarc bit and pieces. 
 should the fda new rule on experiment drug go into effect without be compromised, they will be a watersh event in american medic science.th u.s., which possess the intellectu and financi resourc to produc some of the world most use medic interventions, has for year labor under a system that made american stand at the end of the line for these treatments. 
 dure his control tenure, which end in 1983, he did sever refresh stint behind restaur counters."som peopl on the cook line would tell me that my name sound familiar; then they would realiz it on their paychecks," he says. 
 the 76-year-old physician latest study, publish in the octob 1986 issu of the american heart journal, found that heart-attack victim cut their risk for a second attack in half by complet train he has devised.th two-year program at the meyer friedman institut in san francisco includ patience-build drill such as drive in the slow lane of traffic or stand in long line at banks. 
 but whi are mr. hodel and secretari of energi john herrington tri to resurrect anoth "energi crisis"?mr. hodel has warn of line at the gas pump in "two to five years." 
 the hospit director is taken away by the secret police.th novel end with a vivid taxi ride to the american embassi in tehran, surround by angri crowd who will overrun it and take hostag in just a few months, and with a final burst of imperialist frenzi on line at the caviar shop in the tehran airport minut befor the jet take off for geneva, los angel and new york. 
 the platform is crowd with soldier buy ticket to chimoio, the next stop on the corridor.a boy with a basketball, which could use some air, also wait in line. 
 he arous an angri backlash in canada when he suggest that canada is demand strong u.s. acid-rain control to improv it own energi export to the u.s.hi wide-rang comment on energi polici have irrit energi secretari john herrington, who has public disagre with mr. hodel predict of gasolin shortag and gas-stat line in two to five years. 
 "thing may never turn back like they were," say jame t. trado, the senior vice presid and general manag of mazda motor of america eastern u.s. operations."w went sever year without enough vehicl -- custom were wait in line. 
 it just declasse," said joel silverman, a money manag attend the conference."i'd rather go out and pay retail for the stuff than wait in line for a free album." 
 he continu at this often thankless job, he says, becaus of the "injustic out there."h recal hand out food last christma to a long line of laid-off workers: "it made me want to hold on to the job i have." 
 the joke russian tell among themselv are more pointed.marshal goldman, co-director of harvard russian research center, heard this one: two russian are stand in a long line to buy vodka, grumbl about gorbachev restrict on liquor-stor hours. 
 lament over deterior standard of public courtesi are near as old as civilization, so perhap those who feel besieg by rampant rude are simpli respond to new form of rude made possibl by social and technolog changes.th advent of large, self-servic supermarket and depart store has made it possibl for the inconsider to wheel full shop cart into express checkout lines. 
 ibm has said it has receiv ten of thousand of order for 9370s, and analyst general put the number at 40,000 to 45,000.the analyst said, though, that mani custom place those order just to get in line for an earli deliveri and could still withdraw the order without penalti if the 9370 doesn't seem to meet expectations. 
 at delta kogyo co. plant in hiroshima, for example, two women oper three machin that turn out seat-reclin devic for mazda.until october, the work took three peopl -- one for each machin -- but the seat maker found that by arrang the machin in a circl instead of a straight line, two worker were enough. 
 bowler earl anthoni was suppos to begin a practic session for the true valu open at 10:30 a.m. at landmark lane here on tuesday, but the cluster of autograph seeker was so deep around him that he couldn't shake free until about 10:45.as he bowled, new line formed, and for the next hour he halt his exert everi 10 minut or so to accommod them. 
 advoc of systemat invest say it imposs to time the market and that most individu investor get kill trying."it like tri to pick the fastest line at the bank," say bryan mattes, assist vice presid of the vanguard group of mutual fund in valley forge, pa. 
 and mani express the hope for continu clear, mild weather.sunshin eas the pain of stand in long line to enter some crowd store along new york fifth avenue. 
 on saturday, from morn until dusk, there were more than 100 peopl line up to enter f.a.o. schwarz new toy store at 58th street and fifth.said one man who had been in line 20 minutes, "put it this way: i wouldn't be here in a blizzard." 
 but the compani recogn that improv servic requir chang that can't be measur in numbers."go for 87 is turn glare into gleams," eastern employe newslett says, show photo of glower custom in long line at ticket counters. 
 the rule involv the area that, although technical, is import in determin where lawsuit may be brought, and where compani and other defend may be forc to defend themselves.in a long line of decisions, the suprem court has said there must be "minimum contacts" between a compani and a state befor the compani can be su in that state. 
 that trend intensifi when, start in 1981, nissan motor co. built it smyrna, tenn., plant, larg without union workers.th toyota plant was seen by the union as "the second domino in what we fear would be a long line of loss on major construct projects," mr. hammond says. 
 she is from a polit family: her mother, a member of the school board in manchest for 13 years, work in the presidenti campaign of wilbur mill and lyndon johnson here, and miss reardon rememb lick envelop for a democrat gubernatori candid at age four."from the grubby, what-do-i-get-out-of-it? view of politics, there a long line of peopl who are ahead of me in the hart campaign," say miss reardon, who is interest in arms-control issues, troubl by the deficit and oppos to oper of the nuclear power plant at seabrook. 
 the men stretch their feet and pay attent to correct arm positions.th women hold their shoulder at a grace angle, maintain a clean, unbroken line and use their eye as an adjunct to express of movement. 
 the compani blame expansion-rel cost and a more competit u.k. govern bond market.just befor that, a canadian financi and health concern, crownx inc., bought a 14.9% stake in mercantil house, join a line of foreign swoop in on british financi houses. 
 as the afternoon wore on, an air of crisi hung about the firm.televis cameramen, chase out of the lobbi of the firm headquart by secur guards, hover around the long line of limousin park outsid goldman headquarters. 
 but even the improv american prospect didn't turn this event into a gate attraction.on saturday, when the sun shone bright and temperatur were in the 50s, the line of car tri to get into a car wash across the highway from the 400-meter oval at the wisconsin state fairground was longer than that seek admiss to the races. 
 the most fundament element of a program to deal with the present disequilibrium in the world economi is to rememb that the price system works, and attempt to fix price alway produc mischief.in the 1970s, the u.s. saw gasolin price as the problem and therebi impos on itself long line at fill stations. 
 while cathol and jewish agenc have had enough bed to accommod children of those religions, protest agenc have not.that has meant that non-cathol and non-jewish children have had to get at the end of the line for accept into agencies, sole becaus of their religion. 
 mr. smyth and the three hunter continu their ridge-top hunt and within minut were in the midst of more flush prairi chickens.th hunter at the left of the line, the one who had yet to bag a bird, was quick to score. 
 organizers, who expect mayb 2,000 or 3,000 visitors, were stun by what happened.near 30,000 peopl show up, some wait in line for three hours. 
 "you'll have to look in your miracl section for an answer."miracl or not, st. nichola icon is attract such throng that parishion must put in long hour organ the line of tourists. 
 some believ say the madonna is spill tear of joy.but after wait in line for an hour to see the icon the other day, alic stavrid take a dimmer view: "it mean societi had better shape up." 
 the committe civilian anti-crim squad have stop their night patrols.resid say they miss the committe weekend soup lines, which enrich their diet of rice, bean and bananas. 
 to salomon brothers, which in octob claim anoth in a long line of first stake out by wall street firm last year. 
 from georg washington time on up to 1932, you were abl on new year day to shake hand with the presid of the unit states.you just got in line, no question asked, and wait your turn. 
 john w. hunefeld," read a jan. 2, 1936, news item, ". . . walk through the snow to the white hous today to retain a hollow title.sinc 1926 hunefeld had claim the distinct of be first in line for the tradit new year day recept there. 
 curmudgeon are horrifi by warren burger plan for celebr the bicentenni of the constitution.h want 50 million copi of the holi document print on cereal box and sold in supermarket checkout lines. 
 that not to say that mr. wilson has abandon his characterist bag of stage tricks: he send vultures, gees and heron flap lazili through the air; he perch a giant sing owl on a tree limb; robert e. lee float weightless in space; and abraham lincoln, tall as a house, waft across the stage like some benign monster, then goe belli up.th intric lighting, by bever emmon and mr. wilson, make magic of a line of singer in christoph de menil billow black robes, or of a narrow ladder silhouet against a bare drop. 
 to cut vodka consumpt in the battl against alcoholism, a liter bottl -- a treasur solac for mani russian -- was more than doubl in price to 15 rubles, or about one-tenth of the averag worker month pay.product was curbed, and half the liquor store were closed, increas the averag wait in line to three hours. 
 by midnight, the moon is an intens white spotlight beam on no less than 50-odd ensembl and hundr of onlookers.som partier practic wait in line for the prime spot: a gape hole in the barn below the illumin "live bluegrass music" sign from which lucki one sit and swing their legs. 
 his deputy, william ruckelshaus also refused, and mr. nixon fire him.then mr. nixon turn to the person who was third in line, solicitor general bork. 
 two other station just pump gas.but stand in the midst of them, with it servic bay full and car wait in line, is a minit-lub center. 
 on weekdays, there often no wait.but on stella link road dure a typic saturday rush recently, the line to get into the minit-lub servic bay was at least an hour long. 
 it cost of $22 billion is more than four time libya estim petroleum earn in 1986.the averag libyan must pay for this by stand longer in line for scarc consum goods. 
 "i'd hit ball nights, mornings, when it rained, when it snow -- i could never get enough golf," rememb zembriski."on friday night after work, i use to sleep in the car at public cours so i could be the first in line, as soon as they open the doors. 
 his friend look at him in disbelief."if you realli think that," elia says, "whi aren't you in line appli for amnesty?" 
 they have high regard for some studies, while other research, even if it has enjoy brief, intens popularity, get debunk as unsupport or mislead (includ konrad lorenz "critic period").for parent overwhelm by the advic of so mani researchers, their own pediatricians, and even the cashier in checkout lines, this sift of the evid is useful. 
 the author find littl empir evid to support a posit answer to these questions.parents, then, can nod and smile to the ann landers of the checkout line and escap with their confid intact. 
 he assert that few other compani have the resourc or the desir to take on jwt."if there are ani other bidders, i think the line at the door is veri short," he said. 
 the industri technolog track record in other area is spottier: the know-how is there, but the willing or abil to use it lag far behind.travel today still wait in long line at baggag check-in or at the departur gate -- procedur that can be automated. 
 he say he slip away from his protest doctor, stagger into a govern press confer and announc that he knew the man ident and want to confirm that there was a reward.mr. batuiga made his reput in the 1970s by sever time pass through polic sieg line to negoti the surrend of gunmen who were hold hostages. 
 presid reagan is warn that if the u.s. navi doesn't defend oil ship in the persian gulf, american may soon be wait in gasolin line again. 
 the kid could then take their squid print home to tack on their bedroom wall or stick on the refriger with a squid magnet purchas at the souvenir booth.ther was a long line at the squid face-paint booth, from which small children emerg with larg squid bodi paint on their forehead and 10 squid leg extend down their cheeks. 
 it is also an easi polit target, and it imag of ineffici and corrupt is a drain on the sandinista lag popular support.micoin is wide blame for more problem than ani 11,000-member ministri could ever possibl hope to fix -- from the extra hour consum must wait in line for ration food, to fall agricultur product caus by micoin stifl price controls, to the prolifer of a polit hostil class of small merchant oper outsid the socialist-plan economy. 
 at a micoin neighborhood food store in managua santa ana sur barrio, resid blame the ministri for distribut spoil cook oil that give their children indigestion.onc everi 15 day barrio housew leav bricks, empti paint can and bottl cap outsid the store at 9 a.m. to secur a place in line for the 1:30 p.m. opening. 
 the nikolai quarter, for example, sport a set of new dine accommodations, but a recent hunt for a restaur lunch there was as depress as ever.lin spill out into the street and around corners. 
 mr. trinkl said he recommend that the worker accept the offer after the compani threaten to replac the strikers."w didn't have ani other job for our peopl and i didn't want to put them on the welfar line," he said. 
 the bloomingdal store at the mall, manag john guerra said, post a "double-digit increase" in decemb sale this year.and store throughout the mall were especi crowd the day after christmas, with shopper wait in line for the door to open at 9 a.m. and then flock to the bargain in the trim-a-tre section at bloomingdal to buy decor for next christmas. 
 a cook at a local italian restaurant, the 38-year-old ms. figueroa sat in the back seat of her nephew car so that she would have her own window to roll down.whil mr. parra hope his drive-up window will shorten the line insid the center, he hasn't yet figur out what he'll do if it caus traffic jams. 
 "it wasn't obvious how the assembl process went," he recalls."i said to myself i don't know where the line start and ends. 
 "canada is still tri to get some leverag from the u.s." said mr. waitzer, who warn foreign firm are lose interest in the canadian market."you can onli keep them wait in line for so long," he said. 
 "if i'v ever attend an electr evening," the general motor chairman said on a detroit radio talk show last week, "that was it."h went on: "they have a veri nice custom there of a receiv line.and as i went through the receiv line with my wife barbara, why, we'v gotten to know the presid well enough that his aid doesn't have to introduc us to him, he recogn us. 
 "we told him he could bid with other developers," say meyer frucher, the presid of the batteri park citi authority."sam said he didn't want to stand in a delicatessen line." 
 although mr. aganbegyan is believ to have mr. gorbachev ear on issu of econom reform, he is onli one of mani offici work out detail of what could be a veri controversi and disrupt chang in the soviet economy.an econom reformer, mr. aganbegyan believ that lower subsidi would make the economi more effici and reduc the line and shortag that soviet consum current endure. 
 in fact, she mock herself for occasion exploit it."lik i'll walk into a deli and go right up to the head of a line as though i don't know there a line there and say, i'd like . . . ' or i'll buy a ticket for a movi and go up to the secur guard and say my dog realli can't stand in that line, and he'll say, well, come right in.'" 
 the real bargain go to those tourist with the strong currency.for example, just stand outsid a loui vuitton shop in hong kong and watch middle-class japanes alight from tourist buse and form line on the sidewalk, say mr. white. 
 last year, hutton took a $130 million charg against fourth-quart earn for liabilitii relat to municip bond it had improp sold to custom a few year ago, and merril fear there could be more of such problems, these sourc said.hutton, found in 1904, thus becom the latest in a long line of major secur firm to seek a larger parent. 
 but most major expans effort won't be complet for at least anoth year.in the meantime, travel must risk miss flight becaus they can't find spaces, or must wait in long line to get through exit toll booths. 
 in the meantime, travel must risk miss flight becaus they can't find spaces, or must wait in long line to get through exit toll booths.at newark, though, long line can pay off; driver are occasion let through the booth without paying. 
 in 1978, the year air travel was deregulated, the airlin carri 275 million passengers; this year, the total is expect to be more than 450 million.thi mean crowd park lots, long line in restrooms, flight delay and tedious wait for baggag -- which the faa say are bound to worsen unless airport capac is added. 
 a chao of car and tent and trailer cover a field of trampl tall grass.in late afternoon, bath suit flap on clotheslines, and a line has form outsid the showers. 
 a hundr cowboy and cowgirl race their hors into the arena, the rider forward in their saddl urg the hors faster, circl the arena on the run befor form two parallel line that stretch from one end of the space to the other. 
 in recent months, conga-record break has becom serious business, taint with fierc rivalri and mayb even espionage, all for one sweet goal: a spot in the 1988 "guin book of world records."th race heat up about three week ago, when 10,442 peopl shuffl into a line at the edmonton heritag festiv in alberta, canada, aim to break the previous record of 8,659, set in 1982 in great britain.it took two hour to put the canadian line together, for a conga that last nine minutes. 
 they will use their new-found conga skill to guid a hord of challeng tomorrow on the royal gorg bridg in southern colorado.lorrain payne, who help arrang the line in edmonton, claim she saw the men look for potenti snag and take photograph at her event. 
 ben hart, one of the two men in question, maintain that he start plan the royal gorg event in earli march, well befor the canadian attempt: "it was strict coincidental.w had no idea about the edmonton line until it happened." 
 to break the record, the dancer will have to follow certain rules, say david hoy, manag director of the record book editori offic in middlesex, england.at least 10,443 peopl will have to actual danc -- hand on hip to a syncop latin rhythm -- and the line will have to remain unbroken. 
 "i'm make $5.50 an hour (in houston); in mexico i was make 7,000 peso (about $5) a week."yesterday he took his place in line at midnight. 
 like most bueno air ministries, it is suffus with stale cigarett smoke.th occup appear to be main bore but loquaci hangers-on, who must wait in line 20 minut for the elev to the top floor. 
 but good intent sometim aren't good enough.on recent day, as a jostl crowd of cuban wait in line for more than an hour to get their month allow of beans, rice and other foodstuffs, one of mr. leiva freezer was out of order. 
 those number should improv in 1987 becaus bank have pledg to lend more than $9 billion to mexico, argentina and nigeria this year.but there is a long line of debtor countri look for more loans. 
 whi not talk your way out of your woes?if that sound appealing, get in line, becaus sport psychoanalysi is boom among psychologists, psychiatrist and other aim to tap the lucrat health-and-fit craze. 
 if the model now under scrutini are found to be defective, gm will recal and repair them, he said.th consum group said one of the worst accid involv the car occur in cincinnati on march 3 when, it said, a 1986 oldsmobil delta 88 sudden acceler and ran into a line of custom stand outsid a restaurant. 
 commerci bank trader with firsthand knowledg of the intervent estim that the fed sold $100 million through sever bank in earli new york trading, short after the bundesbank sold a like amount in the open market in frankfurt.th central bank form a skirmish line for the dollar at 1.8840 marks, where they sold the currency, knowledg trader said. 
 in addition, wolfgang r. schmitt, presid of rubbermaid home product division, was name execut vice presid of the company, place him in line to succeed mr. william in the no. 2 spot.in make the announcement, mr. gault said, "we have now provid a clear line of succession" when he retir in 1991 as chairman and chief executive. 
 "how doe the 60s song go about the age of aquarius?w had all the planet in line," mr. channel said. 
 the new law could, of course, provid work for the homeless, who are the one most skill at this task.but how long will the line be at the conserv center? 
 i can do a lot of things.you won't see me at the food stamp line . . . and we'r not go to run a telethon and ask for contributions." 
 these power includ the withhold of materi formal request by the congress.georg washington was the first of a long line of presid to insist on this prerog of the office. 
 "the problem with continent servic is it so unpredictable," say hal salfen, an industri consultant."i had absolut splendid, perfect servic fli continent to guam, but when i got to los angeles, it was back to long line and rude counter help." 
 i wonder if those support the bill ever took a sick child and two well one to the doctor for a routin ill such as an ear infect or strep throat.did they then face anoth 20-plus minut at the drugstor with the same three whini children, one in pain and the other two frustrat while an overwork pharmacist attempt to serv a long line of customers? 
 what custom do is get in the queue.each day, line of them snake across the lobbi of telmex branch offic in the capit to report broken telephones. 
 but the line move slowly; the dispatch typic take 40 minut to answer."thi has happen to me four or five time sinc february," say televis repairman jorg recio garcia, wait in line to report his broken telephone. 
 still anoth say a car crash in his neighborhood two week ago and knock out phone service; no one has come to restor it."thi is horribl -- veri ugly," say the branch manager, whose offic look out over the line of angri customers. 
 compani headquart stand tall over central mexico citi in a vagu m-shape tower.ther are no line of angri customers, no cow managers, no bossi subordinates. 
 "the (baseball) commission job is taken," sniff peter v. ueberroth, who hold the post."besides, he'd have to get in line behind bryant gumbel," the televis newscaster, who said in a recent interview that he want the job. 
 the sign in the airport cafeteria reads: "it is not rude to move ahead of someon if there is a space in the line." 
 i love this sign.i love it becaus it so blith challeng one of the basic tenet i was rais by -- that it is rude to jump ahead of someon in line. 
 but darn it, i just don't want to appear rude."everi time i stand in that line i expect to see some bur construct worker push in front of an elder woman. 
 he seem to believ that south vietnam fell, in part, becaus u.s. command unwis restrain south vietnames militari commanders.and, as much as some of his other critic of the west ring true (peopl get more excit about solo adventur sail the sea in small boat than ten of thousand of vietnames boat peopl cruelli adrift), they aren't origin in thought or expression, but echo the long line of comment who see the west imperil by it love of comfort and lack of intellect. 
 some foreign countri and industri have hire washington lobbyist and law firm to help and have press u.s. compani do busi with them to pitch in as well.sen financ committe chairman lloyd bentsen (d., texas), who co-sponsor the trade bill with sen. john danforth (r., mo.), says: "there a long line of foreign repres wait to see me. 
 but southland could win over custom like mrs. dallas, the denver legal secretary, who rent movi for her son and buy sandwich at the 7-eleven when they'r on special."if they could prove their milk was cheap enough, then i would go to the conveni store to avoid the line at the groceri store," she says. 
 "the real financi and social problem of the countri are deepli rooted," thornton manag ltd., a british fund-manag group, says.in addition, with the economi and stock market recovering, the govern is speed approv of the long line of compani want to issu shares. 
 in southern california, however, where develop have been especi active, legisl and communiti group complain that the mini-mal have led to a host of problem that can't be ignor ani longer.oppon complain that the mini-mal design -- typic a collect of a dozen or so store group in a line or a u-shap or l-shape behind a park lot that front the street -- make them uninvit to pedestrians. 
 but it also said jal and govern transport author fail to detect the flaw dure sever routin inspections.th report said the boe work crew insert a singl line of rivet to the bulkhead when repair a broken tail section, instead of a doubl line as required. 
 "it start to aggrav our agent and inconveni our passengers," say marc wallace, a unit vice president.unit employe began suggest to the continent passeng that they defect to unit shorter line. 
 dinner-t convers was record by the kgb, which made soviet citizen fear of ideolog misstatements, which made their dinner-t convers boring.but not as bore as shop in soviet groceri stores, wait in long lines, be abus by sur state employees, and find almost noth for sale. 
 battl the crowd on new york fifth avenu was no less challenging.ther were long line of shopper wait to enter f.a.o. schwarz, a children toy store, and the fashion trump tower. 
 no heat: from bureaucrat and hotel clerk to students, everyon sit around all day long in overcoat from octob through april.no food: everyth from milk to rice is rationed, but long line and limit suppli mean peopl often wind up with onli a ration ticket on the dinner tabl -- some peopl could show you whole crock fill with expir coupons. 
 sever nation don't count oil as produc until it is sold.thus, kuwait can insist that it is within it product quota even though line of load tanker sail through the persian gulf would suggest otherwise. 
 but mr. walser doe not leav it at that."breakers" doe not end up as anoth in a long line of stori about rigid german who cut loos and lose their digniti in a relaxed, sunni climate. 
 "if we do see consum start to make that connect -- connect the problem on wall street to unemploy that affect them -- then we'll see much more impact on sales," mr. curtin said."with the oil embargo, from day one it was immedi clear to consum what it meant to them personally: longer lines, higher prices. 
 fred mutter someth aloud about how, after all, his student didn't realli know how to drive, and you never knew when she might step on the gas pedal.th line parted, and fred, wield his lollipop stick, motion for me to move on. 
 magnet extend bank hour at the branch on friday and saturday.aft mr. wall statement was releas and distribut by magnet officials, some of the line thin at the branches. 
 "home shop is quick, clean (and) painless," say the roper study."no long lines. 
 and mani of the respons came right out of the music.for instance, the gallop marimba line did suggest the hors run alongsid a train describ by noah from new york. 
 the ghost town at knott berri farm theme park is usual a pretti cheeri place, bustl with cowboy stage shootout on the storefront boardwalks, folk buy souvenir and snack from calico-clad shopkeepers, and line stream onto the park log ride. 
 "the new york stock exchang did not blow up.ther were no line at banks." 
 right now you may be ask yourself: "whi not me?mi boss is a jerk, i'm sick of long line at the bank dure lunch and onli now, decad after kindergarten, have i come to fulli understand the import of a nice nap right after lunch." 
 after the swim meet my wife and i watch as my daughter danc at a team get-together.it made me rememb parish-hous danc when we boy would wait in line to danc slow number with a prematur endow girl name anne.i check the danc floor for my daughter -- no line were forming, yet. 
 they put up with appal and often danger condit becaus other job are hard to come by and becaus the pay, while low by u.s. standards, goe a long way back home.danilo pineda, a filipino ship cook, say that in manila the line of seafar at man agenc are grow longer. 
 it is obvious to anyon that the general qualiti of consum product of all kind is poor, not onli by comparison with those avail in the west but even with the eastern european import that are for sale in the soviet union.and the long line to buy qualiti food or cloth when they happen to be avail demonstr the malfunct of the soviet price system and of the state inabl to produc what consum want. 
 a tall, blond woman push a babi girl in a kanga-rol stroller conced that her time was unusual."but we realli know what commit is about and we'r readi to make it," she said, wait her turn in line. 
 great america, a santa clara, calif., amus park, brag about it thrill roller coaster.but if you want to do someth realli wild, tri cut in line. 
 santa clara won't comment on the lawsuit -- but it will defend it law, adopt in 1986 after the citi bought the amus park.th law make line cutting, shove and other form of rowdi a crime punish by a $1,000 fine or six month in jail. 
 "well, we'r not talk about the hell angel here," fume mr. ince, who note that his client includ an engin and a banker.in the lawsuit, mr. inc say his client hadn't actual cut into line but had step out of line for a moment -- with the permiss of those around them. 
 in another, two client had soak their cloth on a previous great america water ride."th line they were in was in shade, so they stood off to the side in the sun to dri their clothes," say mr. ince.when they tri to reclaim their place in line, however, secur guard nab them and, with littl explanation, turn them over to citi polic who drove them in a paddi wagon for book at the citi jail, the suit alleges. 
 she will say, however, that with two million peopl visit the park annually, the number of line-cut arrest is negligible."besides," she says, "you shouldn't leav the line to get a hot dog." 
 with fewer than 70 shop day till christmas, million of american are avoid long lines, bad weather and crowd park lot by do some or all of their christma shop by mail. 
 he fire those he didn't like, with onli the briefest of explanations, if any.b call to his offic "was like be summon to see god," said lee a. iacocca, now chrysler corp. chairman and perhap the most famous of a line of former ford presid first beknight and later behead by mr. ford. 
 should player and owner resolv their gripe in the next day or two, everybodi will be have a good laugh about all this at next week tailgat parti in stadium park lot across the country. (the two side met for 90 minut yesterday and are schedul to meet again today.)but if the strike drag on anywher near the 57 day of the 1982 strike, a lot of peopl along new york madison avenu and "broadcast row," home to the major advertis and televis networks, will be stand on line to renegoti contract worth hundr of million of dollars. 
 rep. frank annunzio, a rough-hewn chicago machin pol who is the third-rank committe member, is in frail health and isn't like to seek the chairmanship.oth down the senior line eye the post includ del. 
 but then, he went home to massachusetts, devot much of his time to routin state hous duti instead of focus on the campaign.mr. bush wast no time in open an attack on the governor for be just anoth in a long line of liber democrat politician out of touch with the american mainstream. 
 taiwan will export three million person comput this year, up 50% from 1987.long line form outsid disco that charg $20 a head, and $5 a beer, to danc to the beat of import bands. 
 "the thing that hit hardest was the energi crisis," mr. atkin said.if someon "had to wait in line for gas for his car, he couldn't justify" wait for gas for a snowmobile. 
 monday, nov. 7, 7-7:30 p.m. est, on hbo (repeat nov. 11, 16, 20, 26 and 28): "madeline."don't miss this music version of the famous children book that begins: "in an old hous in pari that was cover in vines/liv twelv littl girl in two straight lines." 
 but it had reduc alcohol hard at all while spawn extens moonshin and black-marketeering.it result in sugar hoard for privat product and long line for limit quantiti of vodka. 
 at tampa bay in the nfl, where he sign a six-year, $5.25 million contract, life was financi more secure, but profession precarious.flung into action against the big-tim pros behind a weak line, young threw almost twice as mani intercept as touchdowns, and fled with the ball more often than he ran it. 
 and they reflect the grow turmoil in the u.s. bond trade industry, weaken by anem profit and intens foreign competition.th departur of the three execut mark yet anoth outbreak in a long line of defect and dismiss that have roil the giant secur firm over the past year. 
 "can you imagin thousand of kid walk into these offices, get urin samples, and present them to state offici to be tested?th line would be mile long." 
 there are more charact in the novel than in the film, and consequ more seduct and betrayals.i could critic the film for cut a coupl of these characters, as well as for hammer the novel whirling, vertigin shape into a straight chronolog line. 
 at the sprawl 207th street repair shop in upper manhattan, this shift promis new disciplin for employe use to meet minimum work quota and then have a littl time to themselves.work sudden face dismiss for insubordin or inebriation, or suspens for lesser infract like spend long period in the coffe line or the bathroom. 
 after the fervor of a campaign in which the regim portray the poll as a choic between itself and marxist chaos, there was a hush solemn and respect dure the oct. 5 voting.not a voic was raised, not a badg worn nor banner carried, as peopl wait in long line to put a pencil mark on a piec of paper. 
 "i'd say the $1 million to $15 million market has been the most competit arena of commerci lend in florida for the last few years," say william h. allen jr., chairman of miami-bas atico financi corp. and a former ncnb execut in florida.first union corp., the other charlott bank giant, date it own "sale culture" back to 1984, when it began make a scienc of shorten teller lines, cross-sel product and spot-check employe courtesy. 
 they caus traffic jam in the park lot.they form checkout line that wound all the way back to the meat department. 
 so even though burger king can boast that it whopper hamburg beat mcdonald big mac in tast tests, it has been lose sale becaus it can't promis it custom an ident experi from one burger king to the next.whil one restaur may sparkle, anoth may have long lines, pot hole in the park lot and filthi tables. 
 these days, lishen toy factori can hard keep up with demand.sal soar this summer, when long line of buyer form outsid shanghai no. 1 depart store. 
 militari patrol comb the street of the capital, but there was no sign of disord after a night of uncertainti tuesday that was punctuat by power cut and occasion explosions.peopl wait patient in long line to cast their ballots. 
 gen. pinochet has express "particular faith in the women of chile."fin result had been expect around midnight, but the long line delay the vote count. 
 "we feel comfort that the next time they (united) go to kick tire and look for airplan to buy, we have a good, fair shot with them," an airbus spokesman said.th a-320 transact by unit would have given pan am bad need cash in return for give up it spot in line for the new planes. 
 but by february, when geraghti & miller inc. was brought public by alex.brown along with robertson, it had 125 institut wait in line. 
 critic say that in win preferenti treatment, the debartolo organ play all the right polit note -- includ hire a former governor chief of staff to be track director of oper and grant a $165,000 food servic contract to a compani own by the state speaker of the house.remington is off to a rous start despit some opening-day snafus, which includ slow line at bet window that prevent a number of peopl from wagering. 
 that the trip was a success is due to the georgian themselves, a smile dark-hair peopl who even in the darkest brezhnev day impress the beatl rock group enough to make them write in their song "back in the u.s.s.r." the word "georgia alway on my mind."long befor perestroika the healthi georgian black market provid it citizen with a standard of live here far differ from leningrad and moscow, the citi of food lines. 
 as for new home sales, the outlook continu weak, as evidenc by the 3.3% drop in august hous start out last week.mr. resler ad in jest that anoth "indicator" he like to watch is "the hostil level in groceri checkout lines." 
 they must be ku klux klanner or something.but as mr. newman suggests, about all that distinguish yonker from other citi is it bad luck to be first in line. 
 wind-whip fire race through the sierra nevada foothills, char near 30,000 acres, destroy about a dozen home and prompt about 4,500 peopl to evacuate.in wyoming, firefight took advantag of damp weather to strengthen line around blaze that have burn near one million acr in yellowston nation park. 
 "the whole town has come to aid, but even that is insufficient," he says.a long line, most of women carri small children, stretch outsid the medic tent. 
 the seller of radish and cucumb are bored.so are the frozen fish merchants, but the poultri dealer are busy, watch vacant by custom in line. 
 the close of the cameron plant dash farmer hope of expand market for their promis new crop.with the plant vanish the job of 58 resid and the line of truck that snake into town dure the annual harvest. 
 here at the festspielhaus, the world wagner shrine, they have found the antidot for the master long opera -- long intermiss and long buffets.in a ritual i never grow tire of seeing, the blond young man lift the cover off the tureen and the mere glimps of those fat, white, green-fleck weisswurst readi to bust their skin reviv everybodi on line like the unveil of the holi grail in the master "parsifal." 
 judg pollack, who is known as a tough, brilliant jurist, agre wednesday to do so.th altercation, wit by a long line of attorney wait to file court pleadings, last a minut or so, say a rather baffl mr. pomarico. 
 african bee general domin in mating, but the scientist hope to give a numer edg to the calmer european honeybees, the type wide use throughout north america for honey product and crop pollination.farth north, research are set hundr of trap along three lines: a 100-mile stretch from the coastal town of la pesca to ciudad victoria in mexico; a 125-mile line from tampico to ocampo, also in mexico; and a 100-mile section of the rio grande, rough from brownsville, texas, to rio grand city. 
 "out on long island, there are peopl who are hook on drive-throughs.they'd rather be in a line of 10 to 15 car than park and get out," said a spokesman for chemic bank, a unit of chemic bank corp. 
 if you want to wait in line to climb the statu of liberti or the washington monument, go ahead. 
 in shanghai, china biggest metropolis, consum are withdraw huge sum from save deposit to purchas good in anticip of price increases.long line are form at mani save banks, accord to china daily, which estim that $27 million has been withdrawn in the past two weeks. 
 solut from franc weren't much help.canadian use the north american "qwerty" keyboard, name for the sequenc of key on the top line of letters. 
 elsewhere, earthi is catch on.a brazilian beer commerci show men stand at a line of urin sing the beer theme song. 
 then the women are banish to the sidelines, and the men begin to display their strength.at one point, six of them form a tower of bodies, while a line of smile women, seem unawar of anyth but the music impel them, undul slowli around the group. 
 a substanti contribut to the increas product over the next two year is suppos to be made by the baltic state of latvia and estonia, which have long turn out better-qu good than factori elsewher in the soviet union.a they wait in line at stores, mani soviet grumbl that the varieti and qualiti of product on sale actual have worsen sinc the day of the now-discredit leader leonid brezhnev. 
 mr. levenson has boost his to about 2.5%, produc tv commerci base on the 1960s lovin spoon song, "did you ever have to make up your mind."h is remodel store to speed up the serv line by split off the slow-mov dessert and beverag section from the entre and veget line. 
 mr. questrom resign follow that announc in may.found in 1907 by henri c. marcus and famili members, neiman marcus becam known for it pricey merchandise, extravag custom and line of wait limousin that had ferri some patron from the airport. 
 one reason is that disneyland encourag photo-tak by lend camera without charge, and set up design photo sites.peopl tend to take pictur of -- and thus rememb -- onli pleasant scene like the cute shot with mickey mouse, and not the long line at the ladi room. 
 but their opinion is clear not share by larg number of the soviet public.sinc mr. glazunov latest exhibit open in moscow this summer, thousand have been flock to the palac of youth, wait in line for hour to get in. 
 peopl stood in long line outsid the few oper bakeri and food store in the sudanes capit yesterday, after flood left about 1.5 million homeless and at least 11 dead. 
 "over here is the gay parti line," steve craig, megaquest offic manag in new york, says, point to one bank of monitors."thi is the actress and model line in here." 
 live condit are cramp and spartan, and temperatur usual top 100 degrees.two chow lines, "one spici and one regular," meet the need of both the militari and about 50 indian and filipino civilian worker live aboard, he said. 
 sever speaker at the recent communist parti confer warn that ordinari citizen would be reluct to back the rest of mr. gorbachev reform program unless they could see a clear improv in their live standard and the quantiti of good avail in stores.mani basic foodstuff such as meat, flour and sugar are ration in part of the soviet union, and everywher peopl have to stand in long line for them. 
 yet anoth casualti may be overal spend in restaurants, alreadi slow from the 8% annual gain post in the mid-1980s.consult say mani peopl who have trade up from fast-food chain to sit-down eateri will be get back in the hamburg line. 
 the polish german usual can say no more than "ja" or "nein," but may have advanc degre as teacher or engineers.both group now face sever day of wait in line, with stop at the red cross, at social worker -- and at a cashier who hand out $108 in pocket money to each arrival. 
 the lobbi is elabor decorated, but noisy.larg group of guest wait in line for elev and check-out service. 
 "or a medium?"arkansa gov. bill clinton, the latest in a line of white southern given prime spot at the convention, deliv the sole nomin speech for mr. dukakis, and the governor first campaign swing with sen. bentsen tomorrow is design to re-emphas his commit to challeng the gop in everi region of the nation. 
 by last april, when mr. clausen took his first week off, his fast pace had scare off his first administr assist and run other ragged."th man has an iron will," say an offici onc strand with him in a three-hour recept line at a convent -- without a bathroom break. 
 student of econom learn that this is simpli not true.russian consum now wait in line to buy lemon at a low price. 
 carrier were allow to keep fli the first 291 aircraft off the product line, although they receiv feder aviat administr order to inspect regular for corros in the cold-bond joints.on scenario investig are consid in the aloha case is that corrosion-rel fatigu may have led to "multisit damage" crack run along the horizont line of rivet in a metal splice. 
 in moscow, parti banner aside, the preval ad are the one stuck to lampposts; each has a fring of phone number to tear off and call for puppi or guitar lessons.th queue is still the most effect soviet ad; a russian will join a long line without a clue as to what is for sale at the other end. 
 and sever hundr deleg actual vote against confer resolutions.that was headi stuff, and here in moscow, soviet citizen were talk about it in parks, while wait in line at store and to western correspondents. 
 he fill his car and six big canisters, endur hostil comment from fellow customers.at noon, a truck deliv more gas, reassur those at the end of the 120-car line monitor by polic to prevent doubl parking. 
 i see the crowd and i don't want to stand in line," said krzystof tom.h ultim took a place in line. 
 twin valu stores, for example, will cover 180,000 squar feet -- three time the size of the typic cavern cub store.each store will have 51 checkout lines, requir 600 employe and, compani sourc say, is expect to gross well over $1 million a week. 
 depend on wind direction, that can elimin the use of one of three arriv runways.still, some industri execut and observ wonder whether ani improv in delay would even be noticed, what with the litani of complaint about lost luggage, long line and crowd planes. 
 saatchi & saatchi also hit a high note with an ad creat for britain conserv parti in 1978.the ad featur a pictur of a long line of unemployed. 
 meantime, hungri passeng have to order from mobil cart scatter around the terminal.continent insist that sufficient, but the line to get to the cart are often long -- and there are few place to sit and eat. 
 it is the parent compani of audi of america inc., which import audi car to the u.s.last week, a westchest county, n.y., juri said audi was sole respons for a 1985 accid in which an audi 5000 car hit a car in a bank teller line, which hit ms. ruston car. 
 russian inch toward the checkout counter marvel at the genius of one-stop shopping."you just pick thing out yourself," say a woman in the express line with a block of goat cheese. 
 skates: alpha sport inc., st. paul, minn., agre to grant mitsubishi corp. of japan exclus right to distribut rollerblad skate in japan.th wheel of the skate are mount in a singl line to creat the sensat of ice skating. 
 five million part-tim workers, mani get the minimum wage, want full-tim jobs, the u.s. labor depart says; the figur is unusu high for this late in a busi boom.geologist do low-wag work in retail store will be first in line for job when a big firm come to town, an oklahoma employ servic says. 
 tower over the sand and scrub pine at this citi outskirt is south florida tallest landform -- broward counti last legal dump.lin of truck snake up it sides, ad more than a thousand ton of trash daily. 
 stations, of course, are sweltering.)aft a minut walk to the wall street station and a long wait in a slow line at the token booth, i saw the lexington avenu no. 4 express shut it door and pull away just as i reach the turnstile. 
 the weather in russia stinks.ther is a perfect valid reason whi we have a "negat image" of the russian as a grim-faced, bulki race huddl in long line to buy shrivel rutabagas. 
 but robert fersh bristl at the notion that soup kitchen are thrive becaus of spongers."if it was all freeloaders, then whi didn't we see these line at soup kitchen seven year ago?" ask mr. fersh, food research execut director. 
 "but everi kareem abdul jabbar in japan flock to the boat hope final to find large-s clothes," rememb one u.s. official.for month after, the u.s. embassi here got letter from japanes complain of long lines, no meat and the poor qualiti of u.s. products. 
 bluff work onli if they'r not called.within a few hour after the crash on the enterprise, a marin corp honor guard in dress blue appear on the carrier deck, follow by two aluminum coffin that slowli made their way between two long line of crew members, head bare and bowed. 
 the option is especi appealing, they said, becaus demand for organ is up but donat are down."ther are a lot of peopl that can be help that you would otherwis have wait in line," said dr. dixon kaufman, a transplant fellow at the univers of minneosta. 
 last night, the beij univers student crush forward to listen to speaker who ignor a hand of plain-cloth polic present.nearby, dozen of student crowd under the dim light of bare bulb to read a long line of wall posters, some of which were splatter with red ink to symbol the murder of mr. chai. 
 the result is congestion, harri air-traff control and frequent irat travelers.passeng endur long line for tickets, toilets, taxi and their baggage. 
 m. ali issari, a retir univers professor, park his car in front of a new-hom sale offic near los angel one recent saturday and stuck this sign behind the windshield: "the line for purchas deeridg home start from here."on week later, when sell started, the line had grown to 150 cars, and mr. issari bought the first deeridg home to a round of applaus from a mob of other hous hunters. 
 to see the effect of the anti-alcohol campaign, take a walk along stoleshnikov alley in downtown moscow.at one end of the narrow street, the line to get into a basement beer bar stretch around the block. 
 her decis swift prompt moan from hungarians, includ a sour reader who wrote to the magyar hirlap newspap asking, "doe everi wonder onli last three days?"when the mcdonald restaur open in belgrade, polic were call in to keep watch on the line of custom snake around the block and to limit the number of peopl enter the premis to avoid overcrowding. 
 the best way to reduc eros is to lower price support and target-pric that make it profit for farmer to plant on marginal, high eros low-yield ground.th conserv reserv program is simpli one more of a long line of evas to avoid deal with the fundament irrate of our agricultur programs. 
 these are the same hous democrat who demand that attorney general mees resign if the merest puff of ethic smoke blow out of the independ counsel office.but they are disinclin to look into the affair of the man who is second in the line of presidenti succession. 
 in some of the nuttiest polici ever implement in ani country, the dictat decid to retir his countri foreign debt by export everyth that wasn't nail down.food line are now so long, moscow look like a diner paradise, and tree bark is an offici recommend dietari supplement. 
 the boom is strain facilities."if you want to tee off on bethpag {in new york} on a saturday morning, you have to get on line at 3:30 a.m. or 4 a.m.," say charl robson, of the metropolitan profession golfer association. 
 a recent seminar in mexico citi began with discuss of martin luther king jr., and end with practic exercises.in one, the student form a human chain, while their teacher play the role of a counterdemonstr crash into the line. 
 some peopl actual think a long supermarket checkout line is a godsend. 
 this clear isn't the think of those seen at fashion spot like spago, the los angel restaurant, where guest are definit paler.at the stock exchange, a popular nightclub, doorman ken martin say watch the line of peopl wait to get in use to be "like look into the sun." 
 the immigr and natur servic had estim two million person would appli and that as mani as 3.9 million were eligible.in houston, line of famili wrap around the shop mall that hous the legal center. 
 damag was extens and it wasn't known how long the plant would be closed.pet beutel, analyst for elder futures, inc., new york, comment that the plant shutdown "won't creat line at the gasolin pumps, but it will tighten supplies." 
 mr. mitterrand, mr. chirac, and a former premier, raymond barre, want to crack down on illeg immigrants, but not to discrimin against legal immigrants.mr. le pen want to reserv job and govern subsidi to the french, put the immigr at the end of the line -- and send the illeg home. 
 it justifi the requir on it need for inform to fulfil it legisl power to appropri money.ther is a line of suprem court cases, date back to 1821, uphold congress impli power to demand information. 
 able-bodi mule are herd in group into a chute, where veterinarian give them a once-ov and check off their numbers, which are stuck to their forehead like chiquita stickers.som of the mule jostl in line, some tri to bolt for freedom, but most quick catch the old "hurri up and wait" drafte spirit, gaze about with big brown eye and then readili board a stock trailer. 
 daewoo should know.to demonstr solidar and irrit daewoo motor, the union there got all worker to use onli one of the plant 15 cafeterias, creat long line and stop work. 
 the group, head by manag director arthur nagl and daniel o'connell, is said by industri sourc to have line up sever institut and individu as financi backers, includ the high success leverag buy-out investor raymond chamber of wesray corp.th seven join an increas long line of invest banker special in high-profit deal make who have decid to go out on their own in pursuit of more money and influence, leav behind larg organ with high overhead and low profit margin in mani other aspect of the business, particular secur trade and sales. 
 ford may have a better idea, but general motor is no dummy.tak the situat at detroit metropolitan airport, where long ticket-count line have been the norm sinc northwest airlin takeov of republic. 
 nor doe it benefit northwest employe when they'r member of the travel public.lik everyon but the gm crowd, the northwest spokesman says, northwest employe have to stand in the usual lines. 
 mr. wilson wife was laid off from gm hamtramck plant a year ago becaus the car built there weren't sell well.h says, "the drug-sel line in my neighborhood are get longer. 
 mr. gore remark about mr. castro and mr. arafat refer to mr. jackson celebr meet with the two men.mr. gore show in connecticut was anoth in a line of dismal perform sinc his impress show in the south three week ago. 
 our walk through the dens veget of the reserv was accompani by the loud cri of multicolor macaw fli overhead.oth bright color bird perch in the tree around us, and industri "leaf-cutter" ant form move green line that wander on and off of the trail befor us. 
 taxi driver hector pina, for example, now keep a magnifi glass in his glove compart to scrutin notes.checkout line slow to a crawl as cashier not onli count their change, but read it, too. 
 each store will have one employe whose main chore will be to tidi up.and an increas in the number of checkout clerk should reduc the wait in line, which were longer than the competition. 
 one fan arriv at 4 a.m.and found 20 peopl ahead of him."sometim the line stretch 60 yards, three or four peopl wide," say white-hair joe keesler, the owner. 
 discont is strongest among the young."mani young peopl here are critic of the government," say a jean-clad teen-ag wait in a block-long line outsid cafe nord, an east berlin disco. 
 he got there befor anyon els to wait for the door to open on the first day the agenc was to begin screen applic for travel to china."bi be the first in line, i hope my famili would be convinc that i did what i could to come home sooner," he says. 
 at age 43, wait in a long ladi room line dure a break in a busi meet was a new experience; i usual had the room to myself. 
 in 1986, 40% of all account and auditor in the u.s. were women, up from virtual none 20 year ago.th wait in the fasb ladi room line cap some recent experi that convinc me that the "glass ceiling" that suppos keep women from rise abov a certain level in corpor becaus they are women is a lot of baloney. 
 her ask price is 15 rubl a kilo, which come to about $12.50 a pound at the offici rate of exchange.unlik the drab state food outlets, this market, a rubl away from red squar by cab, has no line and the salespeopl realli want to sell what they'v got. 
 it all part of a system of control access to desir commod and desir freedom of movement and action that pervad almost all area of life here in which peopl are act on their own, not as part of a collective.lin turn individu into an ad hoc collective. 
 if you should want to tri one, i recommend the stolovia upstair next to the central market.on a sunday at midday, it had no line and the staff seem quit proud to be serv a sound meal to the citi foremost food purveyors. 
 from aiglemont, the aga khan estat near chantilly, he direct the 150 peopl who administ $130 million a year in grants, who design school to be built by villag and who give award for the best in islam architecture.to world leaders, the aga khan is a figur worthi of receiv line and state dinners. 
 agent often reviv passeng who are wedg behind fake paneling, stack like cordwood into van or pile into semitrail that drip urin and sweat from the overcrowding."it make you sick to see littl kid stuck in the trunk or the women who you know get rape or beaten," say agent arthur lamberson, a lanki 15-year veteran, as he monitor an endless line of vehicles. 
 shopper must bag their groceri in most supermarkets, a requir that doesn't dent the high food prices.in return, you have to wait as long as 40 minut in long checkout lines. 
 fanni fouri is a white south african, which make him one of this countri more privileg citizens.so whi is he wait in line at a relief center for a handout of corn meal and can sardines? 
 "so what are you go to get with jess jackson?you'l have longer welfar lines, and the ladi in front of you in the supermarket line is go to have veal and shrimp and steaks, and i got chop meat, and she got food stamps, and i got to count my dollars." 
 he isn't like to get it.in fact, the counsel, gerald ducharme, worri that the european communiti big overhaul of merger matters, part of the ec campaign to remov intern trade barrier by 1992, will do littl more than lengthen the long line of bureaucrat ford alreadi must negoti with. 
 we meet host roy scheider in the familiar environ of red square, but immedi we are carri away between the wintri bank of the volga, over the crystallin water of lake baikal, through the sunlit market of iblisi, abov the misti peak of the caucasus, and across the golden grassland of the ukraine.if our mental pictur of the u.s.s.r. previous has consist of gray, grim folk wait in line to buy a few shrivel vegetables, we'll be surpris by the stun cinematographi of michael reagan. 
 but what is a travelogue, if not an effort to display onli that which is attractive?"portrait" show one line of consumers, but quick identifi them as new year celebr in a "shop frenzy" of gift-buying, because, as mr. scheider intones, "the russian love their children." 
 in respons to a 0.6% cut in it budget, the post offic has cut back window hour by 10% and end sunday mail collections.and next month the 40 million or 50 million american who mail their tax return around april 15 will face long line at their local post offic as the price of a first-class stamp goe up to 25 cents. 
 at the same time, distribut mistak often left the shelv empti of good that shopper did want.and even when shopper found what they wanted, some gave up and went elsewher becaus cost-cut staff reduct meant intermin wait in checkout lines. 
 with the heavi competit for systems, even some of the more aggress bidder are be price out of some markets."w just bid $2,000 per subscrib for some rather ordinari system and we were sixth in line," say jeffrey a. marcus, chairman of denver-bas western tele-commun inc. 
 dure the earli 1980s, investor were obsess with the week money statistics.long line form in the lobbi of the feder reserv bank of new york each week, and dozen of fed-watch churn out lengthi treatis on what each squiggl in m1 might mean. 
 miami beach millionair victor posner began work friday at camillus house, an emerg shelter for the homeless here, admit approxim 800 hungri peopl to it cafeteria-styl food line. 
 mr. mulheren spent thursday night in jail.ear friday afternoon, the arbitrag was led into a counti courtroom, his left wrist shackl to a line of a dozen other prisoners. 
 univers nation bank in palo alto, calif., has tellers, but it serv coffe in real china and offer after-hour servic by appointment.robert tennyson, a travel-ag operator, took his busi to univers nation about a year ago, after crocker nation bank was acquir by well fargo & co. follow the merger of the big banks, servic at the local branch was "a nightmare," accord to mr. tennyson: teller line of 15 to 30 minut "were not uncommon"; the bank "lost one of our check for six weeks," and it "treat us like we were nonexistent." 
 "some fund group were beg peopl to come in earli last year," say john foppiano, a tax partner at price waterhous & co."but we won't be see ani line at mutual-fund sale offic this april 15." 
 at addenbrooke's, the hospit where the pay soviet journalist got treatment, about two-third of case classifi "urgent" have wait more than a month, and some 40% of those hope for "non-urgent" procedur have been wait for more than a year.citizen with privat insur or foreign who pay like mr. loui can jump the line at public hospitals. 
 in big-tim corpor bankruptci storms, lowli sharehold are start to steal some thunder.traditionally, sharehold have been the last in line. 
 it was steep by american standards, mayb $20 per person, but unimagin extravag for a famili earn a normal wage in rubles.a the american wife of a resid u.s. correspond said in the passport line at moscow sheremetyevo airport: "this is a great place for lose weight." 
 what doe that candid do?pat robertson, say republican charl west, 62, himself a minister, "is go to say, let us pray, and when they kneel, he go to the front of the line." 
 slight better financ and more ambiti entrepreneur have launch cottag industri to turn out can fruits, ketchup, shoe and handicrafts.even more intrepid are govern worker who spend hour away from their desk endur long, snail line in order to buy such care ration item as soap, shampoo, diaper and clothing. 
 the feder communic commiss reinstat it program to help minor entrepreneurs, but the first group in line for the aid is the famili of stock manipul ivan boesky. 
 snowflak swirl and the wind creep in through crack in a wall of the shack where santiago medrano lives.mr. medrano fold his arm and shiver as he wait in line for the even meal of corn tortilla and shred beef. 
 an ambul trail the candid limousine.polic car form the vanguard and rear guard; other polic car block off all the crossroad to make sure an errant john deer doesn't break the line. 
 the other day, the press van becam separ from it five companion vehicl as the motorcad pull away from the blackhawk hotel here in davenport to start a long campaign day.a coca-cola truck crash the line. 
 "but i'm the onli republican candid who go to vote for that treati in the senate."mr. bush campaign as a man in logic line to the white house. 
 teacher say they can't recal a singl week in the past four year when they didn't go on strike.in the courtyard, under a corrug metal roof, a score of mother wait in line for their children report cards. 
 while the campaign was mr. gibbon idea, however, he won't be pay for it: the donat will come out of the chain nation advertis fund, which is financ by the franchisees.and by base donat on bk doubles, a new double-hamburg line the fast-food chain is tri to push, burger king work a sale pitch into it public-servic message. 
 the day was satur with the weight of it own impend history.long line of peopl wait to buy special souvenir world seri postcard with offici postmarks. 
 "shortage" and "crisis" becam buzz words, although neither realli applied.th spot disloc that show up were larg the result of confus (much of it in washington), though that was cold comfort for driver wait in mile-long line at the gas pumps. 
 board of education, was such an issue.in our time abort has becom another, best left to a line of suprem court decis rather than to the chao of 50 state legislatures. 
 yet in mr. laband rehash of free-market logic, human greed and self-interest are the onli permiss psycholog reactions.allow uncontrol price for necess would inde shorten the line at stores, as he contends. 
 but not becaus resourc are go to their most effici use, leav scarc good "alloc to those buyer who place the highest valu on them."rather, line would diminish becaus at higher price mani victim could not afford necess such as food and medic supplies. 
 under the contract hydro-quebec was to suppli 400 megawatt of power to central main power start in 1992, 600 megawatt start in 1995 and 900 megawatt start in 2000.hydro-quebec said main regul refus to approv the contract mean central main power has lost it place in line. 
 more important, however, is the recent exodus of german from the "better half" to the west.ther is a long line of east german wait to get out. 
 over the year mani have even risk their live to leave.i have never been abl to find a line of peopl wait to enter. 
 although agricultur depart offici thought they couldn't prove richco was such an alter ego, accord to mr. glickman, they still conclud that they had legal ground for suspend richco becaus the compani is under mr. rich control.in investig richco capitalization, ad gregori frazier, a glickman aide, "they trace the line of ownership back through marc rich & co. to rich himself." 
 in ani case, the ibm announcement, come on top of hewlett-packard recent introduction, should acceler the move to laser printers, which are faster and quieter and print neater than dot-matrix printers, but which have been too expens for some tastes.that certain mean more conveni for mani users, who now may have to walk across the offic to wait in line to print a letter on a laser printer. 
 this mean that the current domest deficit must be financ with bonds, which of cours becom readili market in moscow, leningrad, new york and london if the bond carri the promis to pay princip and interest in gold.indeed, i would expect the soviet union could step to the front of the line in seek credit at the lowest possibl interest rate. 
 the govern in east berlin agre to allow about 10,000 of it citizen at the west german embassi in pragu to emigr but ban unrestrict travel to czechoslovakia, which has emerg as the main gateway to the west.th clampdown on travel came after hundr of east german storm through polic line to get insid west germani embassi compound in an attempt to follow near 40,000 other who have fled. 
 but the agreement gave znaniy the right to omit the final chapter, which deal with religi upbring of children in the family, accord to the russian translator, renata ravich.judg by the line at the book fair, soviet publish could make a fortun if they onli had the nerv to push religi glasnost a littl further. 
 bankamerica has been lead the pack, hand out free check account and push credit line with no up-front charges.it seattle-bas seafirst corp. unit is offer five buck to ani custom who has to wait in line more than five minut (it paid out about $2,000 so far). 
 for one thing, the place is such a hit that ms. brigg husband, who use to hold the titl of most frequent guest (probabl just check to see what leftov he'd be eat that night), rare get to eat at his favorit restaur anymore."h has to get in line like everyon else," said his wife, with a helpless shrug. 
 mr. virnich said it was his understand that his predecessor intend to make an offer to purchas eac, which for more than a month has been seek a buyer.whil he reiter today that eac is proceed with that effort, mr. virnich said, "we'v got a lot of interest parties, ad that mr. fritzsch is "go to be in the same line with everyon else." 
 mr. giblen is the first to conced that smith's, which oper 94 store in eight western states, is well run and a nice place to shop.it large, modern store combin groceri and drug are full of wide aisl and beam employees, who seem make it their goal for custom to breez through checkout lines. 
 there were immedi ego and technic problem to deal with."it was like tri to shepherd a group of wild anim into a straight line," said one of the participants, who ask not to be named. 
 just think of it.airlin hold you captiv for hour -- in madden ticket counter lines, in smoke-fil airports, and in plane that seem perman park on runways. 
 "microwav have chang our percept of time in the 80s much as telephon chang them at the turn of the century," say mona doyle, presid of consum network inc., a consum research firm in philadelphia."it has made even fast-food restaur not seem fast becaus at home you don't have to wait on line." 
 on the way to work one morning, he stop at the build to tell mr. arkhipov: "don't forget the drain today."back in his office, the line of peopl wait to see him has dwindled, so mr. goncharov stop in to see the mayor, yuri khivrich. 
 how about lower the stress level of america veri stressed-out shoppers.it emerg that one of their top pet peev is wait in long line while other regist or window stay closed. 
 he hastili kiss the tarmac at windhoek airport and then gave his mother a quick hug.h proceed brisk through a recept line of parti offici and old friends, and he bare had time to tell the news media "i am happi to be back home" befor one of his bodyguard tug his elbow and said "comrade, let move." 
 he proceed brisk through a recept line of parti offici and old friends, and he bare had time to tell the news media "i am happi to be back home" befor one of his bodyguard tug his elbow and said "comrade, let move."then he was gone, disappear in an offici motorcad that roll past a mile-long line of support outsid the airport. 
 naturally, when the cub won the pennant in 1932, we want to see a world seri game," he goe on."th first one in chicago was on a saturday, and chester and i got to the ballpark friday night to get in line for tickets. 
 in this case, the govern said, the aim was to claim unlaw tax losses.defens lawyer argu in their 43-page memorandum that there was a long line of case allow tax loss in case that were almost the same as the one against the princeton/newport defendants. 
 suddenly, a blue truck drive up and deliv some boxes.a they are unload at a desk near the cashier, a line quick form around the desk, even though peopl don't know what the box contain. 
 consid mr. adorno, the young new yorker who paid $3.30 to cash his paycheck.mr. adorno shrug his shoulder when ask whi he doesn't use a bank instead and says, "the line at the bank are longer." 
 four year ago, antonio mamani, a truck driver for a state mine company, carri his pocket money in a burlap bag becaus the devalu peso were too bulki to fit in his trousers.th price of a movi ticket often rose while he wait in line to buy it. 
 with less competit and less of a chanc for newcom to get into the game, these u.s. carrier will have a more stabl and profit financi environ than they'v had in the past, say georg james, presid of airlin econom inc., a washington consult firm.moreover, he says, major u.s. air carrier also have such asset as undervalu real estate, valuabl land slots, airport gates, salabl aircraft and even posit in line to take deliveri of new planes. 
 warsaw, saturday, aug. 19: the first sign of the intens western interest in this countri show up outsid my plane window as we touch down here: a white boe jet mark "unit state of america" park among the aeroflot plane on the tarmac.insid the terminal, the first of mani long line is at the currenc exchange. 
 some 60 tire pole queue in the lobbi of super sam, a big food market.they haven't reach food line yet; this is a line for shop carts. 
 there is no sugar.to pay for their purchases, shopper stand in yet anoth line. 
 he seek the hous investig "to ensur that the public record is clear."mr. frank troubl are simpli the latest in a long line of ethic peccadillo -- financi and sexual, heterosexu and homosexu -- that have left politician and their advis search for guidelines. 
 fortunately, 80% of polish agricultur is alreadi privat owned, though farm are usual onli three to six acres.if the state choke off it ruinous 15%-a-week hyper-inflation, sold or gave away larger tract of land to privat farmer and abolish price-fix market boards, poland food line could start to melt away. 
 congressmen sit in rayburn hous offic build 2358 -- the appropri subcommitte on transport -- could provid the answer.thi particular day, a long line of lobbyist and observ wait in the hall outsid the committe room to no avail: the panel has vote to close it meet to the public, and now is in the process of negoti which project get fund and which one don't. 
 on a given summer day, some 150,000 peopl pass through the turnstil of disney parks, estim tom powell, the editor of amus busi magazine.they spend at least $10 each on food and souvenirs, he says, and they are happy, or at least willing, to stand in hour-long lines. 
 "as junk-bond issuer can't make their interest payments, there will be a reckoning," he said.elsewher downtown, big line form for ticket to the illinoi lotteri saturday lotto drawing. 
 as they stood in the charl schwab offic late yesterday, the investors, mani of them elderly, stay near the machines.they took turn punch in their stocks, then head to the back of the line. 
 just two week ago the govern freed food price as part of it reform program, do away with the meat-rat system that been around sinc the time of martial law.th result has been a run on meat that mean the line and discont are even greater than before. 
 in june, the naderit consum group buyer up made a media splash by predict tight suppli would send gasolin price soar by 10 cent a gallon this summer, and could lead to 1970s-style gas lines.pump price instead have drop seven cent a gallon sinc june, and even remot resort area haven't seen ani lines. 
 at the same time, saratoga is up to date enough to make wander new yorker feel at home.sign in front of sever of the mans proclaim them to have been condo-ized, the track offer pick six and trifecta wager along with other new-fangl bet gimmicks, and line everywher are manhattan-long. 
 compani such as gypsum market usg, hotel oper holiday and publish harcourt brace jovanovich have fend off raider by borrow to pay big dividends.eith way, the stub stand behind a long line of bondhold if a compani is dissolved; onli after debt is satisfi can stubhold stake a claim to asset or earnings. 
 that produc a return of $2.40 on a $2 win bet and made such ticket as valuabl as souvenir as in bill and coins.payout-window lines, however, indic that most winner were cash theirs. 
 may speed up customsth u.s. custom servic think it can shorten the line for clear custom -- at least for businesses. 
 as tea is served, a young girl tell of be order out of her famili home in bulgaria and be brought to the polic station.ther she wait in line for more than eight hour for a passport -- onli to be sent home without one. 
 at london gatwick airport, delay are so bad the airport has put up two marque with 1,000 extra seats, and brought in clown to entertain children.in honolulu, travel come from asia have been stuck in two-hour line at custom and immigration. 
 by contrast, travel to asia encount most of their problem on the ground.at tokyo narita airport, industri offici say, it can take an hour and a half to park and get through the airport custom and immigr lines; they cite an expect 16% increas in the traffic this summer. 
 earli next year, work is to begin on a three-year project to add 33 more gates.but the next major expansion, which is to overhaul the departur hall and replac the two oldest line of gates, isn't schedul to occur until 1998. 
 but lawmak argu that drop direct loan wouldn't save much money and that disadvantag entrepreneur would have a hard time compet for the guarante loans."peopl are wait in line for those loans. 
 it at the orpheum, where, whatev els you may say about the proceedings, there at least no wait for the ladi room dure intermission.th onli line is outsid the men -- mr. busch tri and true fans, who'v been support this master of camp farc sinc the beginning. 
 the burbank, calif.-bas entertain concern also said it tentat has plan for a new "sea-ori theme park" around the queen mari ship and spruce goos airplan attract in long beach, calif., which the compani obtain through it acquisit of wrather corp. last year.th expans of the $500 million disney-mgm studio attract was disclos by disney chairman and chief execut officer, michael d. eisner, when he respond to an articl in the orlando sentinel about crowd condit and long line at the park. 
 q: what are you most proud of have done as enforc chief?a: it would have to be the line of case -- levine, boesky, drexel, et al. 
 as i look back and i think of major case that have been brought in the past, there the whitney case, against the presid of the stock exchang for manipulation, a veri import case. {in that case, former new york stock exchang presid richard whitney plead guilti to two count of grand larceni in 1938, lead to high public hear on what william o. douglas, then the sec chief, call "the whole anatomi of wall street chicaneri and corruption."}i think this line of case will be rememb as equal import for their time. 
 in meet with faa and transport depart officials, they said that inspect each electron item would turn airport secur checkpoint into giant bottlenecks.som passeng caught in long line would miss their flights. 
 meanwhile, merchant in woodstock, n.y., say busi is slow."eith they'r all wait for august or they envis mud and long line of traffic," say jean gaed of the local chamber of commerce, ad that no special event is planned. 
 