at that point, mr. keenan said he would again have to check on exact where the share reposed.h made anoth call and came back on the line with the news that the stock was at eppler, guerin & turner, a texa brokerag firm with no offic whatev in utah. 
 a spokesman for the nsa declin to comment on the agenc role in the iran-contra affair.intellig sourc said the encrypt devices, describ as computer-typ keyboard that are connect to ordinari telephon lines, aren't the most sophist such machin develop by the nsa. 
 plessey co. and general electr co. of britain receiv the first big export order, valu at the equival of about $24 million, for their system x digit telephon exchange.plessey said telecom colombia, the nation telecommun author of colombia, is buy 13 of the exchanges, involv a total of 68,000 telephon lines. 
 "addit increas won't be necessari to bring long-dist rate down," he said.th subscriber-lin charge, also call the access charge, make subscrib pay part of the fix cost of the line to home and small busi rather than ad these cost to long-dist service. 
 mr. fowler action appear aim at quell grow congression opposit to ani increase.th subscriber-lin charge, also call the access charge, make subscrib pay part of the fix cost of the line to their home and small busi rather than ad these cost to the cost of long-dist service. 
 the plan, call linkup america, would pay for half the cost of telephon installation, or a maximum of $30; the remaind of the instal charg would be financ over time.in addition, low-incom resid wouldn't be requir to pay subscrib line charges. 
 "i don't look for ani real dramat change," said paul g. sherer, an analyst with robertson, colman & stephens, a san francisco invest concern.mr. sherer said that while equatori market nich is potenti lucrat -- it is the sole supplier of low-spe satellit data communic system for compani which now must depend upon dedic telephon line -- it satellit system still are consid experiment technolog by mani corpor telecommun managers. 
 instead, they use such compani as us sprint communic co. telenet subsidiari and mcdonnel dougla corp. tymnet subsidiary, which charg cut-rat prices.thes compani rent privat telephon line and spread the cost among thousand of comput users. 
 it also will issu $23 million in credit on custom local phone bill in the same period.som 1.3 million custom with 1.6 million telephon line will be affected. 
 but in recent years, some invest bank -- among them morgan stanley & co., goldman, sach & co. and salomon brother inc. -- have becom major currenc trader as well.now the three firms, and perhap others, are appli for direct line to the new york fed. 
 the issu of direct access rais signific polici and possibl legal questions: doe the fed have author to deal with entiti beyond it regulatori control?and if the fed open line with some invest banks, must it then open it door to all non-bank institutions? 
 "telecommun will be a red hot spot for new small-busi ideas," believ jame r. swartz, manag partner of accel partners, a ventur capit firm.on accel investment, general communic corp., has develop telephone-lin switch and transmiss devic which offer multipl use of a singl home telephon line, includ simultan transmiss of voic and pictures. 
 for a month fee of about $12 (plus the price of each call), the answer servic -- actual a "dial service" -- will dial your desir number, call you back and patch you into the call.a red light on the phone indic when one of the servic 20 other custom is use the line. 
 regulators, who have set up a telephon hotlin to help with the transition, said patient can either choos anoth feder qualifi hmo or return to tradit fee-for-servic medicar benefits.a feder complianc offic doubl as an oper on the 800 telephon number said saturday, "we have six lines, and they are never not ringing." 
 such a trade strategi would ordinarili be a prescript for instant losses.but the trader say he was mere follow instruct from his client -- a fed dealer on the other end of a dedic privat telephon line. 
 in atlanta, john l. clendenin, bellsouth chairman and chief executive, said the result "reflect strong growth in both our telephon oper compani and our non-regul subsidiaries."whil also provid no detail of the unregul businesses, he said bellsouth telephon compani unit ad a record 177,000 new access lines. 
 the restrict are exasper for manufacturers, who must contend with huge competit pressur spark by the technolog changes.th standard telephon has given way to a complex electron devic that has the potenti to enabl people, comput and offic machin to communic along the same line at the same time. 
 the world bank and ida also approv $150 million in credit to india for urban develop project in the state of uttar pradesh.morocco will get a $125 million world bank loan to help modern and expand telecommun facilities, includ telephon lines. 
 new product announc yesterday -- a phone system call spirit and an updat merlin system -- are part of a plan to overhaul the unit, said john a. "gus" blanchard, group vice presid in charg of the unit.th unit sell phone and phone switch to busi with fewer than 80 line and was one of sever busi at&t consid abandon last fall. 
 the market for phone system is fair flat and intens competitive; at&t, intern busi machin corp. rolm unit and northern telecom ltd. vie each year for the no. 1 spot and togeth control 60% to 70% of the market, accord to analysts.at&t said it new spirit system, which has been in control introduct in southern california, is design for non-offic busi and, in the larger model, can accommod as mani as 24 line and 48 phones.merlin ii, the larger of the new merlin systems, can accommod as mani as 32 line and 72 phones. 
 that van gogh paint sold for 290,000 time it origin value.th line was quiet. 
 a board of feder and state regul last month vote to increas the subscriber-lin charg by a total of $1.50 by april 1989.the charg make subscrib pay part of the fix cost of the line to home and small busi rather than ad these cost to long-dist service. 
 so for judg schwartzberg, the practic consider of find space for file and peopl to do the file are a top priority."w will have to add more copi machines, more telephon lines, more cleric staff," he said. 
 offici of each airlin said onli that they have held talk with the compani about suppli trintex subscrib with the abil to order airlin ticket use person computers.videotex system distribut interact inform and other services, usual over telephon lines, to user with person computers. 
 while 15 of the 16 largest softwar compani are on the east or west coasts, wordperfect is in utah.when most softwar compani complain about the cost of answer question from users, wordperfect provid a toll-fre line for it custom calls. 
 but multim has slip recent at the same time as the wang system has fallen out of favor.on key to wordperfect growth was it toll-fre help line. 
 one more twist: the yen thus rais were "swapped" into u.s. dollar for deliveri to the canadian government."w had sever telephon conferences, and at the final bidding, we had peopl on the line in ottawa, and our peopl on in toronto, new york, london and on a speakerphon in tokyo," say a manag in the tokyo head office. 
 they do so by call 976-chat in los angeles.for $2 plus toll charges, caller are allow to particip for about two and a half minut in confus convers which altern between effort to figur out who is on the line and the rambl of teen-ag minds. 
 what is this? (a mother voice)-- it a chat line. -- a chat line? 
 in less than a minut i had a list of 33 book that met those criteria; in less than two minut i had a six-pag printout to take with me to the new hanov counti library, which, incidentally, last month replac it microfilm card catalog with comput and cd-rom disks.of course, the bowker system is design primarili for commerci accounts, not for indol research like myself, and as such it has option to allow bookstor and librari to place order electron over the telephon line with major book wholesalers. 
 this, of course, induc long-dist carrier to look for a varieti of other way to reach their customers, includ privat microwav relay and fiber-opt cables.in order to reduc the incent for long-dist compani to bypass the local compani through altern distribut systems, the fcc institut a fix month "subscrib line charge" for residenti and busi subscribers. 
 this charge, impos in june 1985 at $1 a month, is now $2 a month for residenti subscrib and $6 a month for multilin busi customers.th charg is de sign to make subscrib pay for part of the fix cost of the line to their home or busi rather than ad these cost to the cost of long-dist service. 
 anoth hot new market: sophist gear for busi and industry.canon u.s.a. inc. aim at government, the media and real estat with it electron still camera, which doesn't use film and can transmit pictur over telephon lines. 
 commodor is hope sale will come from the boom desktop-publish markets, which is appl domain, as well as more special user in the music, video, and graphics-rel professions.for instance, by use the amiga, advertis agenc could develop full-color stori board and send them over telephon lines. 
 take inform services.adv in technolog sinc the time of the decre mean that comput can more easili communic with each other over telephon line -- that especi import now that there are an estim 12 million home comput in america, apart from the million of offic systems. 
 onli 40 firm current display quot on seaq international, about two-third of it capacity.but mr. nash said there are about a dozen entri request that have been delay by a lack of necessari telephon lines. 
 sell softwar electron has been tri befor without much success, primarili becaus the devic were so limited, say chuck kinch, computerland vice president, products.som units, for instance, distribut softwar by telephon line from a central location, but the process wasn't reliable, mr. kinch says. 
 the ibm announc said the pc convert will now come with a "supertwist" liquid crystal display screen, which use a new technolog to great enhanc readability.ibm also dealt with complaint about the modem, which let comput communic across telephon lines, by offer an option modem that adapt to the industri standard. 
 occasionally, the languag seem formulaic: after comput confirm a rocket "incred precise" trajectories, an air forc general enter his "high secure" office.mo later the secretari of defens speak on a telephon line avail onli to "veri senior administr officials." 
 the state panel confirm an earlier rule that determin the servic to be in the public interest.in addition, it order pacif telesi group inc. pacif bell unit and gte corp. general telephon co. of california unit to continu effort to find an inexpens way to block access to 976 program from their telephon lines. 
 the union leaders, from 24 countries, claim to repres some 26.5 million organ worker around the world.th propos measur includ set up toll-fre telephon line in britain and other countri for ibm employe to contact union organizers, form an intern clear hous for the union to swap inform about ibm, step up recruit advertis and public instanc of what labor leader call ibm "union-busting" actions. 
 us sprint communic co., a long-dist telephon compani own joint by gte corp., stamford, conn., and unit telecommun inc., kansa city, mo., is also expect to enter the competition.th new servic would replac the feder manag network of own and leas equip and leas long-dist telephon line that link 1.3 million govern worker nationwid and handl 300 million call a year. 
 american telephon & telegraph co. said it sign a $92 million contract with the navi to instal a telecommun network link 14 naval facil in the san francisco bay area.th 10-year agreement includ 40,000 telephon lines, in a system that will have capac of 120,000 lines. 
 one of them recal that when col. north found out that defens secretari caspar weinberg object to the plan to forc down an egyptian airlin carri the achill lauro terrorists, he persuad his secur council superior to initi order the white hous oper not to disturb presid reagan with telephon calls.(mr. weinberg and the presid eventu spoke over an unsecur line while mr. reagan was aboard air forc one and mr. weinberg was on anoth aircraft.) 
 mr. rollwagen also said he told seymour cray, the compani founder, about how appl was use the machine."ther was a paus on the other end of the line," mr. rollwagen recalls, "and seymour said, that interesting, becaus i'm design the next cray with an apple.'" 
 at the feder bureau of investigation, agent probe the iran-contra affair are assign "secure" telephon line that can't be bugged. 
 base on rochest close price of $44.75 a share in composit trade yesterday on the new york stock exchange, the transact has a total valu of about $26.3 million.enterprise, which serv about 15,700 access line in a territori between harrisburg, pa., and philadelphia, will becom rochest telephon third telephon oper compani in pennsylvania. 
 but offici close to mr. carlucci said the new nation secur advis is determin to serv as an honest broker between the pentagon, the state department, the cia and other agencies.th offici said mr. carlucci also has been care to secur a direct line to presid reagan, bypass white hous chief of staff donald regan. 
 the commiss vote 5-0 to seek public comment on a plan to "streamline" regul of packet switch network and telecommun servic offer under competit contracts.commerci packet switch servic divid data transmiss into tini digit segment and rout those segment econom over telephon lines. 
 pictur hundr of trader sit or stand at consoles, each with perhap eight or more flash comput screens.pictur each trader with two telephon handsets, connect by direct line to mayb 500 custom and fellow traders. 
 the transact includ j.b.n. independ communic inc. unit, a fairview, kan., provid of communic servic to the defens department, the telecommun concern said.j.b.n. telephon serv 2,500 access line in 13 exchang in north central kansas, contel said. 
 boston -- the call came short after michael janeway resign under pressur as editor of the boston globe.sudden gov. michael dukakis, almost a stranger, was on the line invit him over to the statehouse, and there, alone, the two talk about how much it hurt when a man work hard at a job he love -- and is judg a failure. 
 the compani also want to expand in telecommun to take advantag of the growth in that industry.for example, it is produc and instal a product that enabl util to read custom meter through telephon lines. 
 ibm also boost the 9370 prospect by announc product that will let it attach to a token-r network, which will help it communic with other ibm computers.in addition, ibm announc product that will make it easier to group 9370s, to have a 9370 dial into a central comput through telephon line and to updat a 9370 softwar from a remot location. 
 the result of this bureaucrat obstacl course: new foreign investment, exclud compani alreadi establish in the philippines, reach a meager $712,000 in the first quarter of this year.mani businessmen claim it is more difficult to transact busi now than under mr. marcos, when a direct line to the palace, howev costly, usual assur an investor of offici cooperation. 
 irv trust co., a major player in the foreign exchang market, said it is take a "sabbatical" from interbank deal after it trade desk was "decimated" in a move by a group of dealer to e.f. hutton & co.irv has trade currenc sinc the 1920s and is one of about a dozen u.s. bank with direct trade line to the feder reserve. 
 similarly, at&t blame the breakup of the bell system for lack of certain servic that use a separ signal network within the nation phone system.thi network is use within at&t long-dist line to send the phone number separ from the call itself, enabl at&t to keep from send call to place where line are busy. 
 instead of push hot new fund through perform rankings, compani are now emphas diversification.and with mani investor unabl to get through clog telephon line dure the crash, compani are stress service. 
 abc also is test new market approach for it soaps.it has creat a soap-opera trivia contest on radio and a special 900 telephon line call "soap talk." 
 neither one is practical."gm, he notes, has establish toll-fre complaint lines, and has rewritten it servic bulletin for fifth-grade-level readers. 
 the feder communic commission, which recent eas up on raunchi radio and tv shows, yesterday start crack down on raunchi telephon services.th agenc launch investig into whether two california compani violat the communic act by provid lewd telephon messag without screen the call to see if children were on the line. 
 but with the citi growth as the west coast financi hub and the gateway to the pacif rim, businessmen with expens account have clamor for first-class hotel rooms.guests, who typic shell out $175 to $300 a night for a singl (the price can go up to $3,000 for the ne plus ultra in sybarit surroundings), are be pamper with larger room or suites, real marbl bathroom with television, phone with more than one line, plush robes, exot flower and complimentari wine. 
 at the hospital, nobodi could call in except on the emerg number.lin out were jammed. 
 "they can't," he say flatly.aft decad of scrimp on new equipment, british telecom is stuck with a tired, antiqu phone system that is expens to maintain and prone to cross lines. 
 teradyn inc. said it receiv a $25 million contract from british telecommun plc for it autom test system for subscrib lines. 
 recent join the list of foreign player were austria girozentral vienna and belgium banqu bruxell lambert.richard w. magee, manag director of tullett & tokyo forex inc., a currenc broker, said that in the past year, the compani has instal trade line to about a dozen new branch of foreign banks, most from smaller countries. 
 oper sometim take half an hour to answer the phone.lin mysteri go dead, and repairmen won't fix them unless paid tips. 
 comput scienc also has been "consist late" in provid certain qualiti control products, he said, result in some incorrect payment to provid and incorrect report to the state.and the compani has fail to set up suffici toll-fre telephon line to handl inquiri from providers, he added. 
 in your may 21 stori about the phone industri bill custom for unconnect calls, i was surpris that you did not discuss whether such bill is appropriate.a caller who keep a line open wait for a connect use communic switch and transmiss equip just as if a convers were take place. 
 there is no more reason not to pay for tie up network facil when call go unansw than there is for a refund on gasolin when one drive to a store onli to find that desir merchandis is out of stock.cal anxious to reach parti whose line are busi or unansw can freeli redial until they get through. 
 as the long-dist market becom more competitive, however, price of servic will conform more to the cost of provid those services.if hold a line open while wait for a call to be answer impos costs, eventu a price will be charged. 
 the feder reserv bank of new york said it grant "several" currenc broker direct access to it foreign exchang desk, a privileg previous limit to about a dozen commerci banks.for the time being, the new york fed said, it will use direct line to broker onli to gather market information, and it will continu to deal onli with bank in foreign exchang transactions. 
 "it a step in the right direction," an invest banker said of the move.a fed spokesman said friday that extend line to invest bank is still under consideration. morgan stanley & co., goldman, sach & co. and salomon brother inc. are among the invest bank that have becom major foreign exchang market particip in recent year and seek line to the fed. the fed wouldn't say which or how mani broker it establish link with, but two new york broker identifi themselv as have open line to the fed: noonan, astley & pearc inc. and tullett & tokyo forex inc.for the fed, line to broker provid instantan inform on exchange-r moves.for brokers, as for commerci banks, get a line to the fed bring prestig and at least the appear of have access to the intern work of the often secret central bank.if the fed eventu choos to use broker for it currenc transactions, the line also could deliv sizabl chunk of profit business. 
 the broker combin averag daili trade volum was $25.9 billion, a rise of 84% sinc 1983.broker had been seek line to the fed sinc the 1970s, accord to joe roderick, vice presid at noonan astley.th fed hasn't discuss it deliber about grant line to invest banks. 
 he also said he didn't learn of morgan stanley decis to rescind the trade until his broker call him at about 11:30 edt last night."h said they'd have an explan in the morning, so i won't know until then what we'r go to do," he said while his lawyer held on anoth telephon line. 
 rolm oper in europ are much smaller than those in the u.s.in britain last year, ibm and rolm had less than 3% of the market for larg offic switchboards, privat autom branch exchang handl 100 or more telephon lines, accord to dataquest inc., a san jose, calif.-bas market research firm. 
 but a new breed of investor is go high tech.som carri beeper that alert them to sudden market changes; other rent or buy portabl comput that retriev financial-new wire by telephon line. 
 that becaus not all of those switchboard keep track of whether call are rout long distance, so it would be difficult to add access charg to such calls. he said the agenc would look at way to monitor such call and may propos a flat-rat fee for some privat lines.th fcc current make compani pay $25 a month for certain local line that connect to big compani switchboards, but it feel that the revenu rais from those charg is inadequate. 
 major firm contacted, includ morgan stanley & co., kidder peabodi & co., painewebb inc., goldman sach and salomon brothers, all either deni that they were respons for the buy or declin comment.a news of the ralli in mmi futur reach the new york stock exchang (major firm maintain open line both to their trader in chicago and to specialist in new york), the market got anoth import psycholog boost: the announc of stock buyback by major corporations. 
 it has made organ-donor educ it public cause, and bow to "grow public concern," it begrudg pull out of south africa earlier this year.it set up a special 800 inquiri line for reporters, support a science-journ project and launch a "dow let you do great things" ad campaign.
 a caller in chicago, for instance, could call a chicago compani and get switch to a branch offic in new york without pay the full long-dist rates.to pay for such activity, the fcc now make compani pay $25 a month for certain local line that connect to big compani switchboards. 
 rochest telephon corp. said it sign a letter of intent to acquir c,c&s system inc. for about $25 million in stock.jackson, mich.-bas c,c&s system is a hold compani that oper c,c&s telco inc., a telephon compani that serv 17,000 access line in south-centr michigan, and t-com inc., a page servic that oper in florida, michigan and texas. 
 rochest telephon oper three telephon compani in new york and four in pennsylvania.it compani serv a total of more than 500,000 access lines. 
  more than a week after the market tumbl through the glass into wonderland, the telephon line at rothschild secur corp. still crackl with custom anger and apprehension. 
 it is the feder reserv bank of new york, agent for the u.s. government.and for a moment, mr. scala doesn't see the line light up."when that line come in, you'v got to pick it up quick," mr. remigio chide his partner. 
 a hotlin servic oper by the institut of secur market develop handl complaint from investors.in recent weeks, as mani as one thousand caller a day have clog the line just to "let off steam," say leon hu, presid of the government-sponsor agency. 
 wall street chao spur activ in a $99, simul trade game from wall street game inc., wellesley, mass.with noth real at stake, player still swamp the game toll-fre telephon lines, sell stock short on monday and buy on tuesday and yesterday. 
 but southwestern bell economist note that the sign of a recoveri are center in the manufactur segment and provid a weaker boost to demand for phone servic than doe an econom rebound fuel by servic and construct industries.mr. barn said that in the past 12 months, the phone compani custom line increas onli 38,000. 
 "that is far below our tradit growth rate within our five-st territory," he said.that also sharpli contrast with gain of 176,000 new line by pacif telesi group telephon compani unit dure the third quarter. 
 the sipc is an industry-back organ that provid reimburs to individu custom of fail member firms.meanwhile, some firm weren't answer their trade line yesterday, possibl to avoid sale that would drive price of their proprietari littl issu down even furtheir, trader said. 
 revenu rose 8% to $3.12 billion from $2.89 billion.bellsouth had a record increas of 232,000 new custom line in the quarter.so far this year, it said, it has gain 504,000 new lines, compar with 510,000 for all of 1986. 
 indeed, even enthusiast conced that human oper have a role."if you have a consum complaint line and a comput answer it, that the worst possibl application," say brad wendkos, presid of phoneworks, a hackensack, n.j., firm that design telephon promotions. 
 revenu rose about 1% to $2.33 billion from $2.31 billion.donald e. guinn, chairman and chief execut officer, said the compani pacif bell telephon co. unit ad more than 176,000 new custom line dure the quarter. 
 d.c. staley, chairman, said the result "are within our expectations," although the rate of growth in net incom has been "slow somewhat due to invest and expenditur intend to improv nynex long term financi outlook."th compani had 14.3 million access line in servic at the end of the quarter, up 3.2% from the year earlier period. 
 mr. nakasone, meanwhile, retain the power of consider public popular and control over a sizabl faction within the ldp.his goal is to continu to exert that power and to keep a line open for a repeat session as prime minist in a few years. 
 mari and philip robertson have sent a postcard from itali to their three shih tzus."dear nanky-poo, yum-yum and tu ling," the card says, "we are have a splendid time, but as always, miss you guys." (some client telephon to talk to their dogs, but ms. katz joke tell them that the pet are "on anoth line.") 
 mani mutual fund offer telephon switch privileg where an investor can call to switch out of a stock mutual fund into a money-market fund at the end of that day trading.but sometim a fund telephon line are jammed.when stock price made sharp correct earlier this year, some investor complain they tri unsuccess for three and four day to get through to mutual fund on 800-number telephon lines. 
 these view have been translat into action.when mr. harkin was a member of the house, he was instrument in persuad congress to purchas up-to-d equip that allow hearing-impair peopl to communic by type messag over the telephon lines. 
 at&t recent price decreas have not been shown to result from increas efficiency, deregul or competition.they are larg the result of the fcc effort to shift telephon cost from long-dist carrier to local monopoli compani through increas in subscrib line charg and separ changes. 
 conserv suspect it is actual spend much more.peopl for the american way volunteers, use a dozen telephon line at the group washington headquarters, this week will be urg member in alabama, arizona and pennsylvania to contact sens. 
 mani of those downtown worker who arriv at their offic after the quak were turn away.stor and bank branch in the area didn't open or open late, and telephon line into the los angel area were overload for sever hour follow the quake. 
 so far, os/2 hasn't sold well, main becaus there were no program that tap the oper system snazzi graphic and abil to juggl sever comput task at once.sidekick provid a planner calendar, an autom phonebook, a calculator, a bare-bon word processor, and make it easi for a person comput to connect with other comput through telephon lines. 
 merril execut familiar with the telecommun oper offer a differ view. they said the compani current use a combin of dedic privat line and public line to transmit voice, data and video signals.th use of the line is coordin by an intern technic staff and managers. 
 but judg from their vast differ market methods, the cattl auction might as well be on differ planets.superior livestock auction, which has headquart here and in brush, colo., use a satellit dish, dozen of camera crews, nation distribut catalog and hundr of telephon line and video screen to market steer that never leav the ranch until they are sold. 
 an import challeng face mr. adam is the distress economi of the compani regional-servic territory, which has been hard hit by the drought and energi slump.last year, the compani telephon busi had it poorest annual growth volum for new telephon line sinc the great depression.it instal onli 8,100 new lines. 
 but insid say they believ mr. adam can step up to the challenge.in texas, he stimul new telephon line growth by push advanc product such as integr servic digit network, which combin voice, data and video transmiss over one telephon line.for the third quarter, new telephon line quadrupled, with texa respons for about 62% of the growth.th compani ad 114,866 new line in the quarter. 
 "our comput have been down for 1 1/2 days."th facsimil machine, which can send and reproduc copi of a document over telephon lines, is sudden ubiquitous. 
 the tape-record voic answer the phone tell caller how to enter a contest for a free trip to london, which includ a plug for continent airlines.if you stay on the line, run up an even bigger phone bill, the same voic goe on to advertis the movie, and would have gone on but i'd heard enough. 
 revenu from telephon oper increas 7% to $634.6 million, while long-dist connect servic surg 10.5% to $327.9 million.william l. weiss, ameritech chairman and chief execut officer, said the compani had it "largest telephone-lin increas ever," a 2.5% jump for a total of 371,000 line installed. 
 zane e. barns, southwestern bell chairman and chief execut officer, said he expect the compani cellular properti to be profit by the end of 1989.in new telephon lines, southwestern bell had it best quarter perform sinc 1985.new telephon line quadrupled.th compani ad 114,866 new line in the third quarter, up 88,866 from 26,000 a year earlier. 
 the compani said overal expens in the quarter jump 16% to $2.69 billion from $2.31 billion a year earlier.non-telephon oper and growth in new telephon line help revenu surg 11% to $3.46 billion from $3.11 billion a year earlier. 
 those revenu increas 45% to $757.6 million from $524.1 million, while revenu from long distanc call made within the same area code rose 8% to $427.1 million from $394.6 million.new telephon line continu to grow at a clip of 4.5% annually.th compani ad 216,000 new telephon line in the third quarter for a total of 16.3 million.so far this year, the compani has ad 537,000 lines. 
 profit for five telecommun concern rose in the third quarter, general reflect increas in new custom lines. 
 basic telephon busi revenu increas 2% to $2.47 billion from $2.42 billion, while non-telephon oper revenu slump 17% to $137.3 million, compar with $165.2 million.in the busi segment, new telephon line increas by 7.1% and call volume, reflect in minut of use, rose 11.5%.bell atlant instal 105,000 new telephon lines, both busi and residential, for an increas of 3.2% and a total of $16.3 million. 
 pacif telesi net benefit from gain in it cellular and page business, increas local long-dist use, and new telephon lines.minut of use for local long-dist call jump 8.9%, profit in the cellular and page busi surg 73%, and new telephon line grew 4.2%. 
 revenu from basic telephon servic increas 2.7% to $805 million, while revenu from long distanc call made in the same area code climb 4.6% to $581 million.pacif telesi instal 207,000 new custom lines, a 4.2% increase, for a total of 12.95 million access lines. 
 local servic revenu was flat at about $1.41 billion, compar with $1.40 billion in the year-ago quarter.new custom line grew 3.5% in the third quarter.nynex, base in new york, instal 194,000 access line for a total of $14.8 million. 
 access charg revenu rose 6.7% to $676.3 million from $633.9 million. u s west, base in denver, also had increas in minutes-of-us and new telephon lines.minutes-of-us rose 8.2% to 8.5 million from 7.87 million, while new custom telephon line increas 2.3% to 11.8 million, signal chang in the economy. 
 but, he adds, support cost are high.custom who buy the upgrad averag two call apiec to the compani help lines, the same number as for new customers. 
 that, in turn, should continu to cut the cost of the machin and expand their market.sharp electron corp. and ricoh corp. recent announc fax that use normal paper, rather than the roll of chemic treated, heat-sensit paper most fax use to reproduc document from signal transmit over telephon lines. 
 miss perhap 300 or more of their local pilot fish to follow them and magnifi their trade power, the wall street hous will eventu be ground down by even moder portfolio insur selling, serfl realizes."h still has the german client on the line. 
 they are here," mrs. guba answered.on the tape record of mrs. guba call to the 911 emerg line, play at the trial, the babi sitter is heard beg for an ambulance. 
 local bill for resid and small busi will show an fcc-order 60-cents-a-month increas in charg by local compani begin in december.th so-cal subscrib line charge, current $2.60 a month, reflect part of the cost of connect long-dist compani with local companies. 
 resid averag $15 a month in long-dist charges, accord to jack grubman of painewebb inc.th subscrib line charg is schedul to increas 30 cent in april for resid and small businesses. 
 the feder communic commiss restrict the abil of local telephon compani to charg high price for privat telephon line use in communic networks. 
 in fact, one of the quickest post-crash reform was to instal special phone link between new york, chicago and washington market overseers.thi arrangement, which the big board call the "hoot and holler" line, is meant to make sure that in a crisis, market can be in instant contact without the risk of busi signal or switchboard snafus. 
 record show, for example, that three top soviet laser scientist had access to classifi area of lawrenc livermor nation laboratory, even though they were author to visit onli unclassifi areas, the gao said.in anoth case, an isra scientist bar from classifi area gain access to the laboratori supercomput through the telephon line of a worker at whose home he was staying, the gao said. 
 local phone compani will be restrict by the fcc in charg high price for privat telephon line use in communic networks. 
 caller seem baffl by the change.when investor now get a live voic on the line, say steven norwitz, a vice presid for t. row price associ inc., baltimore, "they'll be saying, what happen to my yield?'" 
 the philadelphia-bas telecommun concern also said it hope this will lead to more contract work as the dutch govern proceed with long-rang plan to modern it telephon system.th dutch network has about six million telephon access lines, make it slight larger than new jersey network, which also serv a dens popul area. 
 however, continu cutback in personnel could further irrit some already-frustr investors.mario maltese, a fidel fund sharehold and the chairman of an audio-visual-system compani in mineola, n.y., say clog line recent caus him to quit seek help from fidel phone repres dure the day. 
 "the alleg are not true and we intend to defend ourselv vigorously."th suits, file in u.s. district court for the southern district of ohio, stem from claim by two fire cincinnati bell employees, who told local newspap that they had been order to illeg tap the telephon line of more than 1,000 cincinnati area residents. 
 the onli reason the former employe report gave for tap the phone was for nation secur concerns.thre of the residents, whose line were alleg tapped, file the suits. 
 in addit to the knight-ridder-tribun and scripps-howard wires, the other major news wire oper by newspap are the new york time news service, and los angel times/washington post news service.ov telephon lines, each servic transmit news stori and featur to subscrib newspapers. 
 "if you can buy and sell with a person computer, you can't be put on hold," say william coppel, a quick & reilli market executive.but michael gianturco, author of "the stock market investor comput guide," note that comput use telephon line to communic with the broker electron systems.and when the telephon line are jammed, he says, a computer trader won't be abl to get through ani better than anyon els tri desper to call a broker, he says. 
 by conserv estimates, at least $20 billion is held in account outsid the country.bank with comfort offic overlook crumbl bueno air street are alway on the line to switzerland. 
 martin l. quinn, the presid of a small market firm in seal beach, calif., say he is tire of broker interrupt his dinner or leav urgent messag on his answer machine."i know it a salesman when they ask, how are you?'" say mr. quinn, who stay on the line onli long enough to hear a brokerag firm name. 
 insid a dark tent, kayitan kavas, a counti commissioner, shout into a telephon for more help.on the other end of the line, a voic promis 8,400 more blankets. 
 he want to discuss a cabinet appoint with vice presid georg bush, and, think mr. bush was nearby, ask the switchboard to get him.soon, the vice presid was on the line. 
 by comparison, it is usual pretti easi to track down white hous and administr aides.top staffer have direct telephon line to the white hous instal in their homes. 
 "that was my fault," say a chasten mr. griscom.gener of white hous aid confess an attach to the disembodi voic on the other end of the telephon line -- voic that, among other small favors, give wake-up call to staffer go on trips. 
 mr. mcpherson and arm negoti paul warnk both rememb what happen when presid johnson tri to reach mr. warnk to offer him a pentagon promotion.th presid talk for five minut befor realiz that the man on the other end of the line was john carl warnecke, the architect. 
 mr. duggan, the former lbj aide, onc ask the switchboard to find a long-lost girlfriend in new york."forty-f minut later, they had her on the line," he recalls. 
 but now, even the libertin french are crack down.french entrepreneur dish out pretti much the same fare that their u.s. counterpart provide: "gab" line that dozen of peopl can dial to convers in languag as off-color as strike their fancy; privat line for one-on-on dirti talking; and prerecord sex chatter. 
 the french also offer someth not avail in the u.s. -- the pink minitel, which allow custom to send dirti messag to one anoth through video terminals, call minitels, that are attach to million of french phones.a in the u.s., the gab line have been a big money-maker. 
 but, wherea in the u.s. they are extrem difficult to regulate, in franc they are be banned.fr telecom, the nation telecommun authority, announc last month it will abolish the gab line as of october."w realiz that everi one of the chat line was pink {pornographic}," say a franc telecom official. 
 he brush asid protest from pink-telephon servic that the action restrict free speech."ther isn't ani law that say we have to provid chat lines," the offici says.h estim that the gab line were bring their oper at least 100 million french franc ($15.6 million) a year.despit the ban, french offici say their crackdown on other form of dial-a-porn is limit by the same legal void that exist in the u.s. noth in french law restrict what two individu can say over a telephon line.unless somebodi involv can be judg guilti of "incit debauchery," the onli way to prevent pornograph servic is to close down an entir categori of them -- as franc has done with the gab lines. 
 the new system has alreadi irk power senators.earli this year, they discov that they couldn't get more than one person on the line at the same time when senat leader call presid reagan to tell him that the histor intermedi nuclear forc treati had been approved. 
 someon identifi himself as a secur offic phone the newsroom say he intend to kill the editor.obscen shout often burst on the line in the middl of phone calls. 
 but news of the trade had fan flood the phone circuit at the king box offic here, hungri for season tickets.meanwhil in edmonton, the line were jam with disgruntl fan steam over the defect of their star player. 
 the bill are actual quit similar.both would requir airlin to report far more perform data than they do now and to set up toll-fre complaint lines. 
 chanc are, the hotel oper will just let the phone in the empti room ring and ring.eventually, the oper may pick up the line, but mani don't, forc peopl to call back. 
 "if there a loophol in your tariff you can leav it to this compani to find it -- quickly," say rose llauget, an execut at gte florida inc., which run the tampa-area phone service.megaquest, meanwhile, argu that phone compani are keeper of a public utility, and shouldn't be allow to censor what goe out over the lines. 
 they can also choos from a varieti of tape by push a number on the phone. ("press 1 for the sexiest love kitten in new york. . . .for the pain and humili you deserve, you gotta push 6. . . .") or caller can choos a one-on-on line like the c-line, which recent end it run in houston amid grow public pressure. 
 megaquest is also a big player in the clean side of the dial-it market, such as tape jokes.but it biggest busi is in the industri hottest and most controversi new area: the "gab" line, a servic that dozen of peopl can dial at onc to talk to one another.gab line bring in about 70% of megaquest revenue.about three-fourth of all the 400-odd gab line in the u.s. today are megaquest's, mr. eisenberg says. 
 they are easili the most slipperi dial-it servic to regulate.cal on a gab line are just talk to one anoth on the telephone, someth the phone compani and the govern can't veri well prohibit.megaquest love to talk about the support gab line offer the shi and the lonely, as it did in a recent case in alabama."mani peopl in birmingham are shut-ins, peopl who becaus of a handicap, ill or old age, cannot get out of their home frequently," the compani argu in a file befor the alabama public servic commission, after south central bell tri to stop bill for it lines. 
 "through group conferencing, these peopl can interact with other member of the community."ms. superfon say a sooth megaquest oper on a fresno, calif., gab line onc talk a derang vietnam veteran out of kill himself.actually, it hard to imagin the age or the suicid get much comfort from mani of megaquest gab lines. 
 "welcom to the onli x-rat parti line in town!" blare a tape that caller hear on one line befor the gab begins."for a steami sexual encount you'll never forget, call . . . !" anoth gab line call itself "the hot centerfold line" and refer caller to anoth number where they can "teach an inexperienc ladi about the bird and the bees!" 
 like other gab-lin proprietors, megaquest hire oper to monitor callers.that is ostens to keep disrupt peopl off the lines, and to enforc the ground rule of it special teen service: no caller over 17, no curs and no talk about drug or sex. 
 not surprisingly, the rule are loos enforced.on one recent afternoon on the new york teen line, a caller could hear toni and robert scream obscen at each other in an argument about their virility. 
 one import role monitor play is to juic up convers whenev they lag.th monitor on megaquest bisexu line recent got the convers roll by discuss the relat merit of differ gender combinations. 
 anoth job for the monitor is steer custom to megaquest out-and-out porn services.on wall poster in the new york offic list a special number and adds: "the most import line! 
 that a number megaquest use for various extra-pricey, hard-cor porn services.thi side of the gab line is one you won't learn about in megaquest file with the public-servic commission. 
 to a lot of parents, what megaquest doe is turn their telephon into raunchy, high-pric jukeboxes.cincinnati bell start run gab line last year and was stun to see custom complaint double. 
 but lawmak and the industri are find that write dial-it regul that stand up to scrutini is as hard as nail jell-o to the wall.phon companies, as regul common carriers, can't alway simpli stop do busi with line they deem offensive.southwestern bell tri to quit bill for gab line by argu that the state rule author it dial-it servic cover tape messages, not live talk. 
 "sex sells," he says.th public firestorm has made him a littl hesit about launch expens new x-rat lines. 
 busi at southwestern bell corp. near hit rock bottom last year.oper in the depress oil patch of oklahoma and texa and the hardscrabbl farm state of arkansas, kansa and missouri, the compani post it poorest telephone-lin growth sinc the great depression: fewer than 8,200 new residenti line and an actual reduct of busi lines. 
 so far, the techniqu is working.sinc january, southwestern bell has sold about 16,000 new line to current busi custom by introduc them to various featur of integr servic digit network, such as "inspect," which display the name and telephon number of the parti calling. 
 sinc january, southwestern bell has sold about 16,000 new line to current busi custom by introduc them to various featur of integr servic digit network, such as "inspect," which display the name and telephon number of the parti calling.impress by what they learn in the lab, tenneco inc., shell oil co. and minnesota mine & manufactur co. each bought more than 3,000 new lines.for instance, the laboratori experi help houston-bas tenneco to decid to buy 3,900 more line for an advanc network that integr voic and data traffic. 
 the direct must be design as care as the product itself, more compani are finding.for instance, prodigi servic co., a joint ventur of intern busi machin corp. and sears, roebuck & co., work for three year to develop it system for shop and retriev inform from a home comput over telephon lines. 
 twelv air-traff "flow control" center in europ coordin these crisis-control action by telex or telephone.flowcontrol unit in london, paris, madrid, rome and frankfurt, west germany, soon will be link with special teleconfer circuit so they won't have to reli on telephon lines, which often are busy. 
 he say further that he hasn't been paid for some of his work.th west palm beach and new york telephon line of millionair publisher, dougla lambert, have been disconnected. . . . 
 san francisco-bas pacif telesi said a robust california economy, streamlin oper and curb on expens were the key factor for it profit gain.busi and residenti line increas 4% to 12.7 million, up 488,000 from a year ago. 
 the compani cincinnati bell inform system unit contribut $38.2 million to revenu in the quarter and $73.8 million in the six months.th cincinnati-bas telecommun concern said it ad about 8,234 new line in the quarter, boost the total to about 755,000. 
 philadelphia-bas bell atlant said it second-quart earn increas was bolster primarili by econom expans in the mid-atlant region.for instance, busi telephon line jump 6.8% to five million from 4.7 million.th total number of new line grew 3.4% to 16.2 million, compar with 15.7 million a year ago. 
 nynex said telephon oper remain strong.th compani said it ad more than 479,000 telephon line in the quarter, boost the total to 14.6 million. 
 region long-dist revenu increas 13% to $345.3 million from $305.2 million.new telephon line grew 2.5% to 11.7 million from 11.4 million. 
 the new york state public employe feder in albani win three pilot evening-shift day-car center in a yet-to-be-ratifi pact.latchkey kid place so mani call to whirlpool corp. consum inform line appeal for help with applianc that the compani conduct a survey, which found big use of applianc among school-ag kid home alone. 
 two region bell telecommun concern post higher second-quart earnings, bolster primarili by strong growth of telephon access lines, while a third bell compani report a decrease. 
 earn for chicago-bas ameritech soared, aid primarili by strong growth in telephon and cellular line and a one-tim gain from the sale of canadian cellular operations. 
 the compani post a $42.1 million gain from the sale of it 17% interest in cantel, a canadian cellular company.busi and residenti telephon line increas 2.4% to 15.2 million, up 354,000 from a year ago.cellular-mobil line grew 58% to more than 100,000. 
 total oper expens increas 15% in the quarter, primarili becaus of cost relat to the elimin of silver page oper and increas telephon compani expenditures.th compani said more than 83,000 telephon access line were ad in the 1988 second quarter, compar with onli 5,000 for the like period last year. 
 bellsouth, base in atlanta, said earn rose becaus of increas in new custom line and toll usage. 
 revenu climb 6.3% to $3.21 billion from $3.02 billion.th compani said it ad more than 133,500 access line in it nine-st territory, boost the total to about 16 million. 
 so the compani southern bell unit in atlanta and it south central bell unit in new orlean have been instal hundr of mile of fiber optic cable; prepar link from insid the convent center to satellit relay truck that will be park outside; instal public phone with special jack to accommod data transmiss on laptop computers; and put in new cell to handl the hundr of cellular phone that mani news organ plan to bring.southern bell has been furious instal about 3,600 line at the world congress center in atlanta for the democrat convent start today. 
 call on one line is a campaign aid deep into negoti with the jess jackson campaign over the rule for the 1992 presidenti election.on anoth line is robert strauss, the former democrat chairman. 
 after his success in advertising, mr. ezo look to diversify.when recruit began rent communic line to tie it nationwid comput together, it discov it could sell time on those lines. 
 john e. hulse, vice chairman and chief financi officer, predict that network usag for the pacif bell and nevada bell unit will increas about 7% to 10% this year.h said the number of new custom line is expect to grow about 3% to 5%.in 1987, the two telephon oper combin had $2.14 billion in network-usag revenu and they ad about 462,000 custom lines, a 3.8% gain. 
 currently, new york-bas at&t leas more convent consum phone at $2.70 to $8.85 a month.th telecommun compani ad it will begin leas three other special models, includ one with two lines, in august. 
 in the past week, he also has field call from report around the world.last friday, an associ of new york televis person geraldo rivera was on the line, ask mr. finckl to appear as his talk-show guest. 
 an even tougher problem is the distress economi of the compani region servic territory, hit hard by the energi slump and the drought.last year, the compani core telephon busi ad onli 8,100 new access lines, the poorest annual growth volum sinc the great depression. 
 the u.s. will maintain diplomat relat with haiti militari govern follow a coup monday that return militari leader namphi to power after four month of civilian rule, the state depart said.schools, market and busi in port-au-princ were reopened, and intern telephon line were restored. 
 the inform age has been put on hold.bi now, consum nationwid could have been take advantag of all kind of special servic through their telephon line -- check airlin schedul or basebal scores, track price of their favorit stocks, arrang to watch pay-for-view movi on their tv sets. 
 the declin in first-quart profit reflect a shift in northern canadian product to less profit wire and cabl product dure a four-week strike in march at it main canadian plant in bramalea, ontario, where telephon switch are produced.central-offic switches, which account for 53% of northern revenu last year, are use by telephon compani to rout voic and data communic over telephon lines.mr. fitzgerald said he expect that sale of switches, as measur by new telephon lines, "are go to flatten out" dure the next few years, and that increas competit in north america will continu to drive down prices. 
 the five-year, profit-shar ventur will provid u.s. news organizations, busi and other user with direct telephon communic and digit transmiss of data, photo and other inform to and from the soviet union.on 11 dedic telephon communic line current exist between the two countries, compani offici said. 
 her question: how can she rais a child on a $1.75 refund check?then there is the girl who ran up a $600 telephon bill dial toll-cal parti lines. 
 advanc micro devic inc., sunnyvale, calif., and siemen ag of west germani said they agre to joint develop, manufactur and market microchip for data communic and telecommun with an emphasi on the integr servic digit network.th integr servic digit network, or isdn, is an intern standard use to transmit voice, data, graphic and video imag over telephon lines. 
 atlanta-bas bellsouth recent gave the parti line a new function and renam it ring master. atlanta-bas bellsouth recent gave the parti line a new function and renam it ring master.th servic allow a residenti custom to have as mani as three telephon number fed into the home through the exist singl telephon line. 
 and, as in the good old days, peopl will be abl to listen in on convers from other extens -- but onli within the same household.whil ani one of the line is in use, neither incom nor outgo call can be made on the other extens that are part of the service.r master cost about $4 a month for one addit number, and bellsouth will promot it as an inexpens altern to separ lines, for which the month fee total $12 to $20, depend on geograph location. 
 dial-a-porn has been a point of content for sever years.anti-pornographi group and parent have fought vigor to keep sexual explicit messag off the telephon line becaus children could easili call the services. 
 execut instal high-tech equip in hous to eas take-hom chores.bert robert jr., presid of mci communic corp., has two computers, three telephon line and a copi machin to handl the work he bring home at night and on weekends. 
 japan want to block competit foreign technolog from a lucrat telecommun market, u.s. trade negoti said.th negoti said they learn in trade talk with the japanes this week that japan ministri of post and telecommun want to limit technolog use in value-ad networks, or van -- servic that allow comput to communic with one anoth over telephon lines. 
 that busi is far and away the compani fastest-grow and most profit segment.th inform line, which includ everyth from refer book such as who who to trade guid for lawyer and health-car professionals, has grown to $229 million in sale in 1987 from $146 million in 1985. 
 one of nasdaq technolog innov -- it trans-pacif link with singapor -- went on the blink, and some trader half-jok grous that volum might have been slight stronger otherwise.nasdaq said the link with sesdaq (stock exchang of singapor deal and autom quotat system) was suspend yesterday morn becaus of line problem in the u.s. introduc in march, the link allow nasdaq and sesdaq to exchang quot on about 35 nasdaq secur trade in both markets. 
 for kodak, the trade-in alreadi has been a cost public relat headache.it has spent an estim $17 million, much of it for a toll-fre line it has kept open for two year and for a varieti of earli notic it sent to camera holders. 
 precis term weren't disclosed.lakewood, which serv 1,275 access line in a 25-square-mil territori in eastern pennsylvania, had revenu last year of about $750,000.lakewood will becom the fifth pennsylvania telephon compani purchas by rochester, n.y.-bas rochest telephone, give it a total of 26,000 access line serv throughout the state. 
 sinc then, they have amend their misguid messag and bombard the market with new advertisements.now, at the end of each commercial, pacif telesi tell viewers, "we'r in the busi to move inform and keep it move over telephon lines, over cellular systems, over comput network we design." 
 the technolog exist so that the dial-a-someth servic -- dial-a-porn, dial-a-preacher, dial-an-oddsmak -- can be regul by the phone compani or by the phone owner.with some technology, a phone compani could simpli block a resid line at his request so that no one could make those dial-it number from his house. 
 almost all would agre that kid shouldn't be run up phone bill by dial dirti talkers; it bad for the parent wallet and probabl bad for the child mind.but the argument can't be made that adult shouldn't be abl to call these smut line if they want to. 
 pacif telesi group said it first-quart earn surged, bolster primarili by the strong california economy, streamlin oper and it earli retir program.san francisco-bas pacif telesi said access line increas 3.7% to 12.6 million and local-long distanc volum jump 9.3% to 684 million. 
 the communic compani also built a small call-switch room in home shop build and beef up part of it own network to handl the addit traffic.from mci lines, traffic is switch to a rockwel intern corp. automat call distributor; the system also use unisi corp. order equipment. 
 collect calls: two-third of the major compani survey by recruit korn/ferri intern say they pay outsid director an averag of $712 for each telephon confer in which they participate.and the vast major get the full fee no matter how long they'r on the line. 
 the plaintiff, unit missouri bank of kansa city, alleg that kemper mismanag $8 million in pension fund right befor the market debacl in october.in general, some holder of stock fund complain after the crash that they couldn't get through clog telephon line or that fund compani fail to honor their redempt request in a time fashion. 
 southwestern bell provid telephon servic to the hard-hit oil state of oklahoma and texas, as well as to arkansas, kansa and missouri, which have felt some of the econom pressur of the farm belt.last year the compani gain onli 8,100 new telephon lines, the worst year for growth sinc the great depression. 
 annual revenu of general interest dial-up servic total about $186 million, estim inform industri bulletin, a stamford, conn., industri newsletter.that compar with dial-a-porn revenu of $54 million and revenu of about $90 million from so-cal gab lines, where custom call up and chat with other who are on the line.gab line have a reput onli slight better than dial-a-porn among some parent becaus teen-ag run up steep phone bill talk for hours. 
 independ of congress, sever local phone compani alreadi are introduc plan to block call to porn and gab line becaus of complaint by subscribers.bel atlant corp. plan to block all porn and gab line in pennsylvania and maryland.custom there that want to dial these servic would have to write the phone compani to unblock the lines. 
 some democrat lawmak want to make these plan mandatori -- and free.accord to sever plan under consideration, phone compani would be requir to assign differ phone number exchang to dial-a-porn services, gab line and general dial-up services. 
 behind a glass window sit the moderator.h is about to get a report from washington when the telephon line dies. 
 there was no response.later, when we phone again, the line was disconnected." 
 telephon line are about to get busier. 
 "am i the toughest guy you know?"th friend on the other end of the line can be heard saying, "you'r tough all right. 
 some of mr. abboud advis had alreadi left for houston to begin pore over first citi books, but the bank concern chairman and president, daniel c. arnold, was on the phone and was balking. on anoth line was first citi invest banker, goldman sach & co. on the third line, advis to mr. abboud.and on the fourth line, offici from the fdic. 
 merril lynch declin to comment.most of those affect by fidel latest layoff work on the invest group toll-fre telephon lines, in back-offic process job and in fidel discount brokerage. 
 the party-lin effect could defeat that.offici of telact say if line get jam there is a built-in queu function to call a custom to the phone when it his or her turn to shop. 
 there, he work at a formica desk stack high with newspap and mail in an open new york newsroom with a dozen other people.h has two phone that seldom stop ringing, plus a line for his best sourc -- a network of traders, raider and sundri other tipsters. 
 but he doesn't apolog for the idea, becaus zapmail was an effort to address a real and continu problem.facsimil machines, which transmit document over telephon lines, are eat into feder overnight business. 
 at&t later develop a form of pictur phone for busi meetings, but it was too cumbersom and cost for consumers.now mitsubishi electr corp. of japan has begun sell visitel, a telephon accessori that use a built-in camera to send still pictur over ordinari lines.th user sit in front of the camera, frame a pictur on a small video screen, and press a button to send it, about five or six second later, to the visitel on the other end of the line. 
 meanwhile, expens climb 12.2% to $2.49 billion from $2.22 billion.th compani said more than 185,000 new access line were ad in it nine-st territory, boost the total to more than 15.9 million. 
 philadelphia-bas bell atlant earn increas as intrast toll use grew 11.2% and interst access volum climb almost 13%.the compani said total access line grew 3.5% to 16.1 million. 
 if a product trigger a flood of calls, she can soften her present or spread it out a few more minutes."we'v even had situat where we'v told the audience, don't call now becaus the line will be busi for a while, " say jerri troupe, execut assist to home shop network inc. chairman, roy speer. 
 toward that end, mr. gibb has increas by 21% to 253 the number of so-cal problem-resolut offic and their assistants, who interven in taxpay disput with the agency.h has hire more clerk to handl telephon inquiries, increas the number of incom telephon lines, and expand the hour the public can call for assistance. 
 ameritech outlook is base on expect for steadi econom growth in the midwest-great lake region, a dens popul and general stabl area.mr. springer predict that combin network usag for ameritech five bell oper compani will increas this year "in the upper end of the 4% to 8% range" and the number of custom line will grow by "better than 1-plus per cent."in 1987, total network access usag grew about 10.5% and ameritech ad about 340,000 custom lines, a 2.3% gain. 
 most dial-up servic charg about 50 cent a minute, but dial-a-porn messag can run a few dollar for the first minute.independ of congress, sever local phone compani alreadi are introduc plan to block call to porn and gab line becaus of complaint by subscribers. bell atlant corp. plan to block all porn and gab line in pennsylvania and maryland. custom there that want to dial these servic would have to write the phone compani to unblock the lines.pacif bell, a unit of pacif telesi group, let consum block call for free to all 976 dial-up services, and soon plan to give consum the option of just block call to adult messag or gab lines. 
 so far 450,000 subscrib have sign up for the 976 block service.new york telephone, a part of nynex corp., plan to offer -- for a one-tim charg of $5 -- call block to dial-a-porn and chat lines. 
 previously, the fed lack the effect of the west german bundesbank or bank of japan, they add.a currenc dealer at a new york bank with a direct line to the fed say that previously, "when the fed would come in, the dollar would almost alway go against them. 
 by contrast, bellsouth corp., which oper in the robust sun belt, ad more than 650,000 new line last year.in 1988, with the health of it servic territori show slight sign of improvement, southwestern bell expect telephon line to increas about 1%, which would repres about 100,000 new lines. 
 met with outrage, the plan was hastili abandoned.oth innovations, such as bank at home via person comput and telephon lines, have been pain slow to catch on. 
 analyst said the two-year contract probabl make the swedish telecommun group the lead supplier of telecommun equip to china.ericsson alreadi has instal or taken order for about 442,000 line in china, and has a few smaller order to suppli switch equipment. 
 term weren't disclosed.telefonica nacion had oper revenu equival to $5.3 billion last year; it has 10 million line in service, with 15 million telephon in use, make spain system the ninth-largest in the world. 
 the program was prove so popular that h&r block appar couldn't keep up with prepar all the returns.consequently, the spokesman at the kansa city, mo.-bas compani said, comput capac has been increas 50%, more telephon line have been ad and addit worker hire to handl the backlog of custom seek to file electronically. 
 instead of hire teller and account offic to take deposit in the office, they advertis deposit rate in region newspapers.custom call on toll-fre telephon line and conduct transact by mail, by wire or through an automated-tel network share with other banks. 
 mr. allbach say he is begin to suspect that kodak instig the suit, hope everyon will pitch their cameras.kodak deni that and say the delay is cost it a bundl in legal expenses, not to mention the cost of maintain an 800 telephon line for instant camera owners. 
 separately, a feder appeal court in new york dealt the dial-a-porn busi anoth setback, affirm long-contest regul that make it harder to dial raunchi phone tapes.th two develop are the latest shot in a bitter battl over dial-a-porn, which is becom widespread both on at&t and local phone-compani lines. 
 telephon were busier than usual at fidel invest over the weekend -- but far less busi than the weekend that preced octob black monday.fidelity, the nation largest mutual-fund group, estim that it receiv about 45,000 call -- 28% more than usual -- on it 24-hour custom servic line dure the weekend in the wake of friday 140.58-point drop in the dow jone industri average. 
 find him becam an obsess for mr. stoll.h made a midnight requisit of all the printer he could lay hand on so that he could monitor all the telephon line come into the lab computers.aft discov that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitim user name joe sventek, he rig up an alarm system, includ a portabl beeper, to alert him when sventek came on the line. 
 current a $300 million-a-year business, 900 telephon servic is expect to hit $500 million next year and near $2 billion by 1992 as use for the servic continu to expand, say joel gross of donaldson, lufkin & jenrett inc.th servic -- which cost the caller from 30 cent to $25 a minut -- current is domin by celebr chatter, horoscop and romanc lines. 
 richard breeden hadn't notic that his new desk had just four telephon line and one phone. 
 it was, after all, onli his second full day as chairman of the secur and exchang commission. but the lack of line becam pain apparent.a the stock market lurch into a 190-point free fall on oct. 13, mr. breeden found himself scurri around the sixth floor of the sec -- from his desk, where the new york stock exchang was on an open line, to his assist office, where the commod futur trade commiss was connected, to a third room, where a comput monitor market moves. 
 it won't happen again.now there are more line connect to the chairman office, and the market-monitor comput has been move next to his desk. 
 rochest will exchang share of it common stock for all share outstand of viroqua telephone, a family-own company.viroqua serv about 3,000 access line in western wisconsin. 
 place a phone order through most ani catalog and chanc are the clerk who answer won't be the onli one on the line. 
 meanwhile, support of the dellum two-parti consent bill say it is need becaus of a giant loophol in the one-parti consent law.currently, if the person tape is a parti to the conversation, it all right to record without the knowledg of the other person on the line. (intercept other peopl privat convers is illeg and punish by five year in prison and fine of $10,000.) 
 overal they increas 2.8% to 12.1 million, put u s west over the 12 million mark for the first time.busi line increas 3.7% to 3.3 million. 
 the three-month-old strike at nynex serious hurt the instal of new telephon line in the quarter.nynex said access line in servic at the end of the quarter were off 18,000 from the previous quarter, which report an increas of 160,000 new access lines. 
 meanwhile, the fema announc a toll-fre telephon number (800-462-9029) to expedit servic to victim of the earthquake.lin will be avail 24 hour a day to take applic for such disast relief as temporari hous and emerg home repair by phone. 
 contel corp. said third-quart net incom increas 16% to $72 million, or 45 cent a share, from $62 million, or 39 cent a share, as a result of strong growth in telephone-access line and long-dist minut of use. 
 inform system post a loss of $8 million, compar with a loss of $9 million a year earlier.customer-access line increas at an annual rate of about 4% and minut of long-dist use rose about 12%. 
 revenu rose 8.8% to $4.35 billion from $4.0 billion.th compani said the quarter includ a 10% increas in local-exchang usag for long-dist call and a 5% increas in the number of access line in service. 
 chairman zane e. barn said southwestern bell "busi are healthi and are continu to grow."th compani report a 3.1% increas in the number of access line in service, and also said it southwestern bell mobil system unit ad 30,000 new customers, with a current total of about 333,000. 
 in composit trade on the new york stock exchange, cincinnati bell fell 25 cent to $29.the compani said that the number of access line drop slight in the quarter, a declin attribut to season fluctuations.for the year, however, access line in servic have increas 5.5%. 
 although two babi bell show strong growth in access lines, usag and unregul busi revenue, one report a modest gain in third-quart net while the other post a small drop. 
 bellsouthat bellsouth, base in atlanta, custom access line grew by 162,000, or 3.5%, dure the 12-month period end sept. 30. 
 in addition, earn were reduc by rate reduct in florida, kentucky, alabama, tennesse and louisiana.ameritech at ameritech, base in chicago, custom access line increas by 402,000, or 2.6%, and cellular mobil line increas by 80,000, or 62.3%, for the 12-month period end sept. 30. 
 the use of 900 toll number has been expand rapid in recent years.for a while, high-cost pornographi line and servic that tempt children to dial (and redial) movi or music inform earn the servic a somewhat sleazi image, but new legal restrict are aim at trim excesses. 
 kurt sanger, abc sport market director, say that now "ten of thousands" of fan call it 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return, quarterback sack, etc.profit from the call goe to charity, but abc sport also use the call as a sale tool: after thank caller for voting, frank gifford offer a footbal videotap for $19.95, and 5% of caller stay on the line to order it. 
 jacket may be sold next.meanwhile, nbc sport recent began "score plus," a year-round, 24-hour 900 line provid a complex array of scores, analysi and fan news. 
 viewer can call a 900 number for addit advice, which will be tailor to their need base on the number they punch ("press one if you'r pregnant," etc.).if the caller stay on the line and leav a name and address for the sponsor, coupon and a newslett will be mailed, and the sponsor will be abl to gather a list of desir potenti customers. 
 the biggest flurri of investor activ came earli in the day.vanguard group inc. saw heavi exchang from stock fund into money market fund after the telephon line open at 8:30 a.m. 
 but analyst say that on short flights, if mani passeng pick up their phone at once, the wait for a dial tone could be longer than the flight.an america west airlin spokeswoman concedes, "you might have to wait three to five minut to get a line." 
 the new york plan froze basic rates, offer no protect to nynex against an econom downturn that sharpli cut demand and didn't offer flexibl pricing.in contrast, the california economi is booming, with 4.5% access line growth in the past year. 
 communic would be even wors in the old downtown section of the city, where gen. noriega maintain his militari headquart complex.cia offici hadn't provid maj. giroldi or his alli with ani mean to communic with the southern command, nor did they arrang to keep a telephon line open to gen. noriega headquarters. 
 so, after rebel appar had seiz the building, sever u.s. offici attempt in vain to contact them by phone to determin what had becom of gen. noriega.som of their outgo call were interrupt by their own switchboard operators, who chastis the offici for use line they had been order to keep free. 
 st. croix telephon would be the fourth telephon concern in wisconsin -- and the tenth in the midwest -- acquir by rochest telephon in the past year.st. croix telephon serv 5,300 access line near minneapolis.rochest telephon serv 575,000 access lines, primarili in western-centr new york. 
 "consolid expens will be higher than anticip as a result of certain nonrecur expenses, includ legal fees," the compani said, ad also that revenu has been below it projections.in the past year, rochest telephone, which serv more than 570,000 lines, main in western-centr new york, has acquir or announc agreement to acquir nine midwestern telephon compani -- five in illinois, three in wisconsin and one in indiana. 
 ebaugh, the show creator."earthbeat's" activ will be reflect in it use of telephon line to record viewer opinion on issu and perhap invit them to add their name to "electron petitions" to be sent to politician or corporations. 
 for instance, the technolog isn't sophist enough to recogn unusu accents.moreover, some peopl still don't like talk to a machine, forc them to stay on the line until a human oper eventu pick up the call. 
 it 10 million peopl are burden with an $18 billion debt, stuck with a defunct infrastructur and a technolog untrain work force.in budapest offices, secretari often work in group to make a singl call on one of the countri huge, pea-green telephon "machines," which have plenti of lever and flash light but a poor record of find a free line. 
 now, field repres drop by each store everi few days, clipboard in hand, to evalu customer-ori operations.also, to make sure that custom have a direct line to the company, burger king is instal a toll-fre phone number for consum feedback. 
 barri k. davis, the founder of trader & investor alert, a telephon stock-tip line, is expect to disassoci himself from the servic within a few weeks. 
 it declin to disclos the number of share involved.mt. pulaski telephone, which would be rochest telephon fifth illinoi telephon concern, serv about 1,800 line in central illinois. 
 despit the name, mt. pulaski no longer has electr customers, rochest said.rochest telephone, which serv more than 570,000 lines, main in western-centr new york state, has acquir or announc agreement to acquir eight midwestern telephon compani this year -- five in illinois, two in wisconsin and one in indiana. 
 a previous increas occur last may, when the san francisco aid foundat issu a strong plea for peopl to consid earli test and treatment.in new york citi last week, "eight to 14 telephon line were ring at once, in contrast to the usual four to five," said susan rosenthal, director of aid counsel and test for seven citi test sites. 
 pacif telecom, vancouver, wash., also has agre to retain for five year all current employe of the citi telephon compani and to refrain from request new rate increas in that period.in april, anchorag request bid on it telephon system, set a minimum price of $400 million for it 115,000 lines. 
 secur regul are investig a new jersey-bas telephon tip line that has been get attent for it blend of "inside" wall street research, gossip and invest advice.th tip line, trader & investor alert, base in fort lee, n.j., is run by a 46-year-old former insur broker and publicist, barri k. davis, who has run afoul of regul in the past. 
 critic say it could be a vehicl for stock manipulators.oddly, mani of the peopl that seem to be call the tip line are wall street brokers, hungri for stock tip they say aren't avail from their own research departments. 
 "we have put trader & investor on notic that they appear to be oper as an unregist invest adviser," say richard barry, supervisor of enforc with the new jersey agency.meanwhile, the sec, which is awar of the trader & investor line and the grow attent be given to it, declin to comment on whether it investigating. 
 in contrast, pacif telesi has won back mani private-lin and centrex custom sinc it gain the right to reduc rates.california boom economi help give pacif telesi the highest second-quart growth in access line among the babi bells. 
 prospect for modern jiangsu antiqu telephon system also have dimmed.th provinc popul of 61 million surpass that of france, but jiangsu phone system can handl onli 50,000 lines. 
 american express co. and american telephon & telegraph co. have form a partnership to expand in interact telephon marketing.th new company, call interactive, will use the telephon line for an array of sale and market-research services. 
 the acquisit of six other compani are pending, with complet schedul befor year end.rochest telephon expect to serv more than 600,000 access line in six state when the acquisit are completed. 
 caller are invit to play interact game with the movi characters, to enter sweepstak and, of course, to run, don't walk, to the nearest theater.tol telephon servic have most been the stuff of pornographi line and of children horror-stori and santa claus lines.but movi market hope they can use the line to entic potenti moviegoers, especi teen-ag and young adults. 
 even better from the market point of view: the call cost money, so market can break even or even turn a profit, in effect charg peopl to be subject to advertising.typ of the new servic is the indiana jone line, which cost $2.50 for a two-minut story. 
 sen. howard metzenbaum (d., ohio) has threaten to propos legisl curtail phone line advertis to children.whil the movi line say they are gear toward older teens, they are advertis on mtv and cabl station watch by younger children, too. 
 to combat the critics, interact telemedia, a los angeles-bas firm special in 900 number for the entertain business, has come up with a system to block multipl calls.it system would allow a movi line, for example, to accept onli a certain number of call from a singl phone number. 
 interact has work with paramount, lucasfilm and others, but so far hasn't use the block system."th abus has been in sex line and gab lines, and we don't have either. 
 we'v had absolut no complaints," say barclay lottimer, vice presid of sale and marketing.still, the line are far from a sure thing, and it too soon to say if they even work. 
 sinc then, paramount "star trek v" and "indiana jones" have followed, while orion "great ball of fire" has experi with a 900 number in a veri limit way. so far, though, most of the phone line have been disappointing.interact mr. lottimer, for example, say he expect to get more than one million phone call on the "star trek" and "indiana jones" lines, which his compani work on, but respons was in the "high six figures" instead. 
 "the key is to be abl to handl those calls," say ronald a. katz, presid and chief execut officer.h say his compani will be look into movi lines, as well as record promot in which, say, caller could hear a preview of a new madonna song. 
 the drawback haven't prevent film market from continu to dabble, if cautiously, in untest waters.d.l. blair is work on a 900 line to coincid with the aug. 31 video releas of "bill and ted excel adventure," a teen movi star georg carlin as a time traveler. a tv commerci plug the line will run on mtv, and a long promot spiel for the toll line will appear on the video.blair mr. ellman say the compani is also work on a 900 line to coincid with an anim christma video releas and a major featur film for next summer.still, plenti of moviemak are steer clear of the 900 number lines, wari of the sometim sleazi reput of the business. 
  some of your old henchmen at the yard do their stuff , splendid . been on the line to them on and off all day .
  in the back row sit mission control brass . alongsid kraft sit mission director georg hage , who has direct line from his consol to the white hous , the state depart and nasa washington headquart .
  contribut by mary-jo jansson van b. fox , who direct nbc live program seri , " wide , wide world , " tell about a show on america mountain : there were five locat director work in the field , and i was direct from the control center in new york . we had just come to the last three minut on the air , when sudden the produc bark a warn : " van , they'v lost the line from the next locat .
  " now that panic time , for tv cardin rule is : the program must end on time ! i punch a button open my line to joe behar , the director in colorado : " joe , we'v got to stretch .
  " hello . " but by now the line was dead .
  alvin jerk up the phone and shout " hello ! " the line was dead .
  he cross to the desk and lift the telephon . the line was dead .
  she would send philipp a telegram . help could not be had by talk into a dead line , but no one in his famili would leav a telegram unread .
  there was noth new about the boy . one of tibb fellow investig came on the line briefli ; he had made a quick check of the area where the shoot had taken place .
  " mommi , " came a veri small voic , " did you say i kill him ? " " johnni ... " she began when anoth voic cut into the line .
  then he held his breath . " mr. tibb , " the voic of maggi mcguir came tear over the line , " i'v heard from johnni ! "
  " did he say where he was , mrs. mcguir ? " a suppress sob came over the line .
  " whi , yes . the oper came on the line , like they do , and said that three minut were up and to signal when we were through .
  at last there was a respons , he listen for a moment and then pass the phone to tibb . " tom satriano is on the line , " he advis .
  what your troubl ? " on the other end of the line , in the forward torpedo room of the squalus , lt. ( j. g. ) john nichol struggl to maintain his composur .
  " there was a short paus befor oliv naquin said with quiet elat , " hello , wilki . " but just as wilkin start to respond , the sculpin rose high on an ocean swell and the line went dead .
  in his posit , i'd have had to do the same thing . " a wild laugh reach ainsli from the other end of the line . "
  that was all she was permit to say . the line went dead .
  " you hear me ? get off this line !
  don't call back . keep this line open !
  pleas , pleas don't " sudden that was all . the line die .
  " hullo , hullo . don't go away ... . hullo ... . " the line was dead .
  she diall the fire station . the line was still open there , but no one answer , not even the base radio offic .
  but by noon the voic which claim to be obolenski was back on the phone again , this time be refer to anoth dominick execut , sinc his origin contact there had gone out to lunch . by the time the call was switch , the line was dead .
  the detail came through around two in the afternoon . the voic which claim to be mr. szemzo seem to be consult at the other end of the line with someon at the bank .
  " the quot was slight over 550 per share . there was more mumbl at the other end of the line .
  sever minut went by as miss bailey held the phone . then the voic which claim to be szemzo came back on the line .
  at this point jaquith was carri on a detail oper for the slayton interest . he had a direct line to the model order room , set up for daili confirm of purchas and sale .
  mani type of busi use rent circuit to connect home offic with branch . certain offic at the unit nation complex in new york have direct line go back to govern offic in their home countri .
  she told me how much she love me , that she was count on me to keep the hui go no matter what , and that she plan to leav a littl someth for you , my son , in her will . then sudden , in the middl of a sentenc , the line went dead .
  one day i got a long-dist call from an affili station in washington . the man on the other end of the line let call him barri stump was the moder of a popular panel show .
  " right up against the door on his face , just like the first ... " brian hard young finger diall rapid and without error . somewher distant at the other end of the line a furious but control voic address him .
  " he misdial in his hast , and swore , and start over again . the sergeant voic , onli slight fur with sleep , came over the line .
  his face gave noth away as he went to the telephon ; but certain he went with alacr . " i know you told me to get in touch with the polic , " said the creami voic of alix over the line , without preambl , " but i need to confirm someth with you first .
  " veri odd , " agre alix . there was one instant of curious and specul silenc on the line .
  sergeant moon had been dispatch home for a well-earn rest and a brief look at his more regular respons , and it was detect sergeant brice who answer the telephon and hand the receiv across the tabl . " here ballist on the line , sir . "
  that is one aspect of the zeigarnik effect a procliv to rememb unfinish busi , and to forget finish busi . you have experienc this when you have look up a telephon number but found the line busi when you first call it .
  the whole goddamn system was break down . he redial the hospit matern floor on a direct line busi too !
  here he was with two phone booth and a phone to each ear the guy probabl thought he was a hors player or a booki . the answer servic came through while the hospit line was still ring busi .
  i was just go to tri to reach you . i have the husband of one of your patient on anoth line .
  with his partner on vacat he would have to grab whoever was on the matern floor and ask them to hang on until he got there . a voic came on the hospit line , crisp and businesslik .
  " hello , weaver , " he said and then to put her on the defens , " what all the gab on the hous phone ? i couldn't get an open line to you . "
  " fine , " henderson said , aimiabl . " can you get him on the line ?
  he heav himself to his feet and sat down at the desk , make the long distanc call to the wisconsin hospit emerg room . the resid who was take care of mrs. cochran was quick on the line .
  cheer . here , i'v got her on the line for you now .
  keep low by crawl across the kitchen floor , he reach up for the wall phone , place it to his ear and heard noth . the line was dead .
  i was sound asleep . i certain haven't been get ani call and just now when i grab the phone to call you , the line was dead .
  he hurri into the bedroom , put the gun back in it secret hide place and snatch up shoe , sock , shirt , and slack . back in the kitchen he took the wall phone and dial the emerg room at the hospit on a direct line .
  " i'v got a call for you from dr. laden . he on the line .
  there goe her goddamn placenta ! " have you still got her husband on the other line ? " he ask .
  i may need you . " bill sinclair came on the line .
  ruth sinclair sister was call . when he tri to return the telephon call , the line was busi and rather than wast ani time he had driven right over to the hous .
  he got up and head out through the swing door . his answer servic was on the line , hold a call from bill sinclair .
  " oh , my , " i said in an apologet voic , " i didn't get you out of bed , did i ? " there was a moment of silenc on the other end of the line , and then with a wist littl sigh she repli , " no. but i wish you had . "
  mrs. barbara agt , allison closest friend on the faculti , say , " no one felt respons for inform the parent of the dead student . the kraus tri to telephon kent , but all line were out .
  telex comput product , tulsa , okla . for inform : circl 375 on reader card the model 185 termin allow a user to process unjustifi paper tape from a remot site use either dial-up or dedic line .
  a seem minor semant disput has given on-lin dp user and supplier a good chanc of win a major victori against ma bell . if they win , the fcc will take jurisdict over " inform system access line " that cross state border .
  the hope is that if fcc take over , isal rate will be reduc or abolish . the semant disput began last spring , when the commiss ask ma bell whi it had file interst tariff to cover onli a portion of type 2006 foreign exchang servic the portion repres by the foreign exchang line .
  last septemb , at&t was told to file tariff with the commiss cover " the complet interst foreign exchang servic . " it will be some time befor these rate are file , say an fcc offici , becaus the rule affect liter thousand of foreign exchang line .
  the latest frontal assault concern the ibm 2701/2/3 data adapt / telecommun control , which this vendor feel can be veri nice remov and replac by the ids-64/360 . a mac-16 mini is use to control from 1 to 256 synchron or asynchron line .
  paul had brought the fig tree from north florida and honor alway thought of the one jesus curs when she look at it , becaus it remain barren in spite of paul care tend . when she had finish the dish honor call ann luis and knew at onc from the glum tone at the other end of the line that ann luis parent had gone out and left her to baby-sit .
  the nois damper on my air-condition has blown through the roof . " " oh , hell , " a tire voic said at the other end of the line .
  i telephon the offic and had them connect me with bertha cool . " donald , bertha , " i said , when i heard her voic on the line .
  " just a second . " seller came on the line .
  now what are you go to do ? " i pick up the phone , ask for an outsid line , dial homicid , and got frank seller . "
  i walk past him out of the offic , on into my own offic and call sacramento . i got lucill patton on the line .
  as might happen in a real shoot , the countdown was interrupt sever time becaus of problem , and it was soon determin that a key radar station on wake island in the pacif ocean was not oper proper . a line check was made and the malfunct trace to a switch center in hawaii .
  we'v put an automat tracer on the phone which feed our equip . if he call , the number he call from is automat lock in and fed to us and we don't have to go through all that two-phon jazz , keep him on the line .
  " okay , do that , " i said . elsi pick up the telephon , punch the button for bertha line , wait a moment , then said , " mr. lam just came in , mrs. cool .
  " the woman would simpli ask to be connect with my offic . you'd talk with her and she would tell you what she want to see me about so then i'd get on the line .
  leav them to me . i'll talk long enough to keep the line busi for the proper interv .
  the switchboard oper said , " i'll connect you with his secretari . " a moment later elsi was on the line .
  public was siren music to the ear of the stripper , and she quit pull the zipper to listen . when i had colley on the line , i said , " okay , colley , your idea work . "
  sex , seduct and sure-fir stori stuff . get the hell off the line so i can start call the newspap !
  i grin and said , " back to your crime clip , sister . bertha cool will be in direct , and i'v got to get an attorney on the line and get iren addi to file a petit for the probat of the last will and testament of herbert jason dowl .
  basic , this is becaus the nois is elimin in the process of convert the signal into light puls . the result is that nois generat at the send end isn't transmit , and there is no " line nois " as such .
  mark comput system , inc. , plainview , n.y. for inform : circl 309 on reader card cip ( communic interfac processor ) is a turnkey system that enabl multiplex of low speed termin direct into 360 comput without softwar modif . consist of processor , rom for multiplex / demultiplex and os compat , 360 interfac hardwar , and line adapt , cip take care of code convers , network mainten and monitor . the system support up to 12 multiplexor over full duplex , voic grade line ( 1200 , 2400 or 4800 baud ) and up to 176 low speed ( 600 baud ) line . the ceil on the low speed line is determin by the number of channel address by the 360 system .
  he close his eye and tri to make his mind a blank , and he had almost drop off to sleep when the telephon rang , send a jolt through him like an electr charg . he pick it up and said , " hello , " and immedi wish he hadn't , becaus it was selden fulton at the other end of the line .
  standish took the emend proof sheet and left , and goodman pick up the phone and dial his home number . the line was busi , so he hung up , and almost immedi his phone rang .
  and don't phone me . if he find the line busi , he might decid just promis me you won't talk to that agent , or the polic , or anyon . "
  thank , anyway . " the transatlant line die .
  takada seem pleas . onc , the voic at the other end of the line was that of pete russo , who want to know if he could borrow a left-hand toggl switch .
  " ross , you bastard , is this your idea of a joke ? " on the other end of the line , safe by half an island , stuie ross beam .
  " wrong telephon , " she said . " that the outsid line .
  " household scandal . that aw sanctimoni gamboni , our butler , was on the line , make a call from paul room , which he has no right to do anyway .
  there was a tini hesit , and then emmi said , with curious emphasi , " i'm all right . it you that ... " there was a click , and the line went dead .
  " when john came out of natasha room and ran into paul and myself , " he went on , " he was embarrass not to see paul , who understood the situat perfect , but to see me . for my benefit , he made up a ridicul lame excus ; that he had been tri to telephon from natasha room , but that the line was engag .
  she ask him , " was i veri bad , darl ? " without answer her , he pick up the telephon and told the oper to tri him on that line if he could not be found elsewher .
  i walk straight into the telephon booth and ask for merlin offic number . would his line be tap ?
  i gave my name as caneton . merlin came on the line , first as a distant voic say apologet : " ... m'excus , inspecteur . "
  i thought " i took a coupl of quick step and pick up the phone . " qui est " but the line was dead by now .
  " one of them pretti . " there was a crackl on the line that might have been his age chuckl .
  the dialer set off a seri of impuls that race electron toward ani given number . onc the phone is answer , the apparatus lock and an experienc technician , know where to look , can figur out where the call origin , but onli so long as the caller remain on the line .
  in the mackl game room 669 mile south of atlanta , agent lee kusch impati pick up the telephon . " get off the line , pleas , " he began , then stop in mid-sent .
  " and now someth that is a part of all of our live ... a messag from the sponsor , " kupcinet said to the camera . he smile until the red light went out , then immedi turn and pick up a telephon with " kup " print on the dial , his line to the control booth .
  i was begin to get the distinct impress that brother allen did not like me . then he bustl out of the box , jerk his head over his shoulder at the phone and said : " my busi manag is on the line .
  " that was the last time bell ever talk on the phone . he couldn't get his wife off the line .
  i found out it was me . both jeanett and i assum he was there to test the line or chang the dial .
  i forgot about transcontinent phone call . my wife spent so much time call her mother and sister that the state depart use to break in and ask her to get off the line .
  " i'll tell you what , " she volunt . " we'll put a test on your line , and i'll let you know what happen . "
  put him on . " at this point i hear all sort of garbl commot at the other end of the line .
  " yeah . " there was anoth veri long paus with dead air on the line between them .
  i crumpl the note and toss it on the bed , then snatch up the phone again . " get off the line , jim .
  i'v got to call the airport . " " get off the line ? " he said .
  " i'll be by your place in a few minut to pick it up . now get off the line so i can see if i'm too late to hold the plane .
  don't even put that phone down . keep this line open and stick that phone in general cooper face the instant he come through that door .
  just a moment . bob vincent of the fbi come on the other line .
  i want to talk direct with my crew . " " can we keep an open line with you ? "
  onli three chute . someon forgot he was on open radio line and swore vicious .
  he got the word . we'r keep an open line to his offic .
  " yes . " " if you still have that open line to the white hous you'd better notifi the presid of the situat . "
  " sheridan toss the telephon to vincent and turn to his aid . " is that line open to the pentagon ?
  he say that some of his best tip have come from the least like sourc ( " peopl with their offic in their hat , " he call them ) and he never refus to talk to stranger who visit his offic or telephon him . " you never know when santa claus might be on the other end of the line , " fuqua remark .
  the telephon ring . ah , it is one of our happi custom about to come on the line , no doubt want to express his satisfact with some handsom masonit product that he has instal .
  he would still have like to use charl russel but he didn't think russel would chang his mind . so he pick up a phone whose line was secur and he rang to what russel had onc command .
  most of the public telephon were alreadi tie up by correspond . somebodi was fight with the hous phone , under the impress that it was an outsid line , and so brad took the elev up to his room and put in a call to rhona suit .
  he pick up the telephon . " this is eddi , " he said , when foley came on the line .
  earlier that same morn mahler had been awaken by the inexor telephon . landowski was on the line .
  he turn away and ask for a telephon number . jane gate was instant on the line .
  " yes , doctor ? " the line went silent .
  staff peopl pass the open door , wave good night , and went on . final a cautious syrupi voic got on the line .
  " wait a minut , " o'dwyer said . sarah got on the line at onc .
  i scream , " my god , she been burn , " and ran half-dress and half-crazi to the phone downstair . pick up the receiv , i heard two farsi voic chat and i scream for them to get off the line immedi .
  but now , when i need them , the word were come . it seem like hour befor i could reach bob on the crackl , scratchi line .
  " for now , we'll concentr on the system . some of the major data bank , like the one held by defens , may have five hundr or a thousand access line .
  some of the major data bank , like the one held by defens , may have five hundr or a thousand access line . a year ago , wilken congression committe start to worri about unauthor tap into those access line .
  " pete , just tell me what it mean . " " jesus , this is an open line . " " i know it an open line .
  " i haven't got time . " " you'r ask me on an open line to defin a hot new weapon system and break it code and you haven't got "
  " yes we did , and now somebodi got themselv a half-ton of zv gas in binari aerosol cylind , and we want to know who . " " you certain ought to be concern , " grave said , " but this is an open line . "
  when he reach the station the one-and-on taxi was off on a long trip . he tri to phone fenella but the line was out of order , so natur he put a call through to us and oliv took it .
 