these protein bind tight to specif molecules, offer the prospect of such applic as the diagnosi and treatment of cancer and the separ and purif of materials.in addition, mr. frashier will push for develop of a line of protein-bas adhes and coat products. 
 william gates, founder and chairman of microsoft corp., becam the person comput industri first billion-dollar man yesterday.th 31-year-old harvard univers dropout hold 11,018,955 shares, or about a 42% stake in microsoft, which supplies, among other things, the intern program that control the basic function of intern busi machin inc. pc line of person comput and compat machines. 
 term weren't disclosed, but industri sourc said the price was about $2.5 million.th sale includ the right to germain monteil in north and south america and in the far east, as well as the worldwid right to the dian von furstenberg cosmet and fragranc line and u.s. distribut right to lancast beauti products. 
 amc execut have said they are frustrat about the time of the bid, contend amc was just about to turn the corner after a string of troubl years.th compani jeep sale are strong and amc is just now introduc line of larger renault car that could final give it a posit in a broader segment of the auto market -- but onli if current skeptic buyer start return to amc showrooms. 
 separately, jame e. edwards, an at&t senior vice presid who preced mr. cassoni as head of the comput division, said he is leav the company, effect monday.accord to manag in the computer, or data systems, division, at&t will announc new product that includ an addit to it 3b minicomput line, softwar product to connect it machin to those of intern busi machin corp., a laser printer, the latest version of the unix v oper system softwar and some local area network products. 
 sever data system execut have quit recently.john walsh, a vice presid in charg of the 3b minicomput line, surpris colleagu in januari when he left to join a small west coast videoconferenc concern. 
 face with the innov competit and an overal flat market sinc 1984, nelson, the biggest u.s. religi publisher, lost market share and now is tri to recov ground.it "precious moment bible," illustr with a popular line of cherub children characters, has sold more than a million copi in about a year. 
 rjr nabisco inc. said it expect to retain at least 95% ownership of it tobacco busi if it decid to spin off the line in a master limit partnership. 
 ltv has had $4.69 billion in loss over the past five years, most from it beleagu steel unit, the nation second largest.ltv plan to reorgan around it aerospac and defens unit, it onli profit line, which account for almost two-third of ltv 1986 oper profit of $171.9 million. 
 not accord to jame uffelman, a 43-year-old comput specialist with a theori about corpor succession.mr. uffelman establish his theori while develop a line of birthday card that list birth date of famous people. 
 howel book hous inc. of new york has been success publish book about dog for 26 years.it mainstay is a line of 60 books, each devot to a differ breed. 
 "with a broad line of product direct at kids, children and teen-agers, it will get us away from a lot of the volatil in this (toy) business."world of wonder teddi ruxpin animated-bear line of toy was the industri largest seller in 1985 and it lazer tag game was no. 1 last year, the execut said. 
 mr. stein estim that dure the compani next fiscal year, it toy busi will account for 75% to 80% of sales, school accessori 5% to 10% and consum electron 10% to 20%.among the new product in the school-accessori segment is a line call class act. 
 in a telegram to 5,500 bank that issu visa cards, charl t. russell, visa usa president, warned, "this move is an attempt by american express to further it presenc in the retail bank market by acquir addit relationship(s) with your better customers."h suggest that banker call jame d. robinson iii, chairman of american express, to "voic your displeasur over his decis to enter one of your most profit line of service." 
 but the move may also reflect an effort to subcontract work to outsid vendor as part of a broader strategi design in part to trim costs.th no. 1 auto maker in recent month has been shed some small oper and has join in joint ventur to make and market such product as it heavi truck line. 
 gynex inc. said two generic oral contracept develop by gynex laboratori inc. are be recal by the distributor, g.d. searl & co., a unit of monsanto co., st. louis.gynex inc., which develop gynecolog and reproduct pharmaceut products, said the recal is be conduct as a prevent measur becaus a limit number of packag of the gynex line of contracept may be miss tablet or contain some that are out of sequence. 
 chrysler corp. also is offer financ incent and rebat that don't have an expir date.a ford analyst said anoth reason for offer the incent on taurus and sabl is to keep sale balanc across car lines. 
 bayli corp. said it acquir a 55% stake in chute corp., which design and market the "code bleu" line of denim sportswear. 
 bayly, which manufactur jean and leisur wear, said it purchas the share from two outsid investor for an undisclos cash payment at close and an addit undisclos sum to be paid over a three-year period.bayli has had a licens agreement with close held, seattle-bas chute for the "code bleu" line sinc june 1984. 
 the fiber segment, which earn $542 million last year, has been experienc annual product gain of 7%.respons has been strong to a new line of stain-resist carpet materi and kevlar, a steel-lik fiber use in such item as clothing, bulletproof vest and helmets. 
 intern busi machin corp. and the person comput industri are approach an import crossroads.next month, the comput giant is wide expect to unveil a new line of pcs that will diverg from the industri standard. 
 the new product will present a pain choic for other comput makers, softwar compani and customers, who will have to decid whether to stick with the exist standard, which was itself develop by ibm, or to follow big blue into new territory.th new line will be ibm shot at reassert it leadership in the person comput market. 
 ibm is expect to unveil a much differ line of pcs next month in a riski bid to reclaim market share. 
 this year was to have been the watersh in that effort, in amc view.amc dealer final will get a wider line of car to sell, and the compani just began product of chrysler m-bodi car on a contract basi at amc kenosha, wis., plant. 
 ross, which plan to close 25 of it 146 stores, said it expect to report a net loss of about $34 million for the fourth quarter and a net loss for fiscal 1987 of about $42 million.th loss result in larg part from a fourth-quart pre-tax charg of about $40 million to cover the store close and the discontinu of some poor perform merchandis lines. 
 one major hurdl remained, accord to mr. bidwell, who spent 27 year at ford and was hertz corp. presid and chief oper offic befor join chrysler in 1983.chrysler and renault couldn't agre on a valu for the stake in amc, particular with amc just about to start sell new line of renault cars. 
 sear becam the top retail by cater to young famili with a phalanx of new suburban store and sturdy, no-nonsens merchandise.th rang of accept tast in the late 1950s was so narrow, in fact, that hart schaffner & marx prosper in men tailor cloth despit offer onli three style of suit in it best lines. 
 coca-cola has gone from a singl product to what it maker now call an "umbrella brand," with permut that includ coca-cola classic and diet cherri coke, each aim at a differ type of consumer.hartmarx has expand the three basic suit style in it hart schaffner & marx line to 15. 
 "there noth (realli good that's) american," say alex gonzalez, an assist manager, after list the virtu of an expens german brand.of the store best american line, he say sadly, "the steel is good, but there a problem with the handle. 
 two events, however, would help boost the struggl company.in 1970, amc bought it jeep line from kaiser industri -- a busi that boomed. 
 s&p said chrysler was "receiv a busi with question prospects."analyst said the most valuabl part of the acquisit is amc jeep line, which serv the armi dure world war ii and which the compani acquir in 1970. 
 onc the acquisit is completed, the real work would begin.whil chrysler would get at least two acknowledg jewel in the transact -- the popular and profit jeep line of util vehicles, and a new $675 million state-of-the-art assembl plant in bramalea, ontario -- it also would have to contend with some problems. 
 reebok said the acquisit would posit it for further growth in the expand athlet and casual-sho market.in addit to it line of athlet footwear -- from aerob shoe to volleybal shoe -- avia make walk shoes, casual footwear and hike boots. 
 but plenti of l.a. bud restaurateur are show less restraint.don taco, home of the pastrami rice bowl, now featur a full line of chines burritos, while one of the don princip rivals, the oki dog, offer the oki dog, a chili-d and tortilla-wrap frankfurter. 
 "but smaller good are strong."new york-bas penney said apparel and soft home furnish were it fastest-grow line last month and contribut to a 5.5% rise in februari sale for store open more than one year. 
 the company, which had said it would instal driver-sid air bag on oldsmobil delta 88 model as option equip in the 1988-model year, said it would instal the safeti devic on addit model in futur years.th no. 1 auto maker said an estim 500,000 air bag will be instal dure 1990 on select car lines. 
 tonka said the propos acquisit is part of it strategi to expand it base of toy that don't swing wild with fads.tonka said ertl will doubl tonka revenu from it most stabl toy line, tonka trucks. 
 mr. inston said the compani has an order backlog valu at "about $16.6 million, up from $12.1 million at this time last year."initi respons has been strong for a new line of uninterrupt power suppli design for sophist electron equipment, he said. 
 he ad that custom reaction to the compani i.o.u. brand of sportswear, introduc in the fall of 1985 and promot heavili last year, also was "excellent" in the second half.th line, aim at young men and women, produc higher profit margin than other name-brand clothes, he said. 
 the line, aim at young men and women, produc higher profit margin than other name-brand clothes, he said.mr. sullivan also said the line illustr a chang over the past year in the compani merchandis strategy. 
 the company, which boost the number of store to 388 from 334 in the fiscal year just ended, said it expect to open anoth 40 to 50 in the current year.bi fall, it also hope to expand it i.o.u. line to repres between 25% and 30% of the merchandis sold in the two divis that carri it. 
 the younger mr. noland, 43 year old, is current a vice presid and manag of merchandis for plumb and heat products.thos line last year account for 62% of the wholesal distributor $426.5 million of sales. 
 and it seem to be succeeding.in miss kamali case, the disrupt of her homework oper prompt her to suspend her wholesal oper and cancel her spring line of clothes. 
 mr. wolfer said the compani 10 store that sell children cloth exclus have remain profitable, but the 25 store that sell both women and children cloth have "perform poorly."h ad that the compani has probabl been attempt to offer too wide a choic of size and styles, and plan to elimin petit and larg size from it women line. 
 term weren't disclosed.th toy maker said that under the agreement, it gain the australian and new zealand market right to sever toy line joint develop by tonka and bandai and alreadi sold in the u.s. 
 digit equip corp. introduc three midrang comput in it vax line, indic that the compani is move to limit possibl inroad by intern busi machin corp. 
 american motor drop plan to build a new line of jeep at it kenosha, wis., plant, cite an impass with the uaw union. 
 american motor corp., cite an impass with the unit auto worker union, said it decid against build a new line of jeep vehicl at the compani kenosha, wis., plant and that the vehicl will be made at anoth site. 
 fruit of the loom, which was farley apparel inc. until be renam last month, will offer today 27 million common share at $9 apiece.th renam offer doesn't includ the farley line of acm and dingo boots.origin part of the offering, the line will remain part of mr. farley huge privat held conglomerate. 
 origin part of the offering, the line will remain part of mr. farley huge privat held conglomerate.th boot line contribut less than 5% of pretax profit of the farley apparel operations. 
 digit equip unveil three midrang comput in it vax line, indic the compani is move to limit possibl inroad by ibm. 
 he was known for a reserv person style but for incis strateg thinking.in his tenure, rjr divest non-consum busi like ship and oil and increas branch out from tobacco into food and soft-drink lines. 
 the unit auto worker said it will resum bargain with american motor corp. over contract concess at the auto maker kenosha, wis., plant.th talk broke off last friday and amc had said that, becaus of the impasse, it decid against build a new line of jeep vehicl at the plant. 
 wang laboratori inc. introduc a replac for it 2200 seri of small busi comput that will continu the 15-year-old line. 
 the wang cs comput will run the same softwar as the 70,000 wang 2200 seri comput alreadi installed.som wang user had worri that the compani might stop make the line as it concentr on sell offic autom product to larg and medium-s organizations. 
 under the agreement, lyphom said it will sell novopharm oral-pharmaceut drug in the u.s. and close held novopharm will sell lyphom injectable-pharmaceut drug in canada.lyphom said the agreement put it into the hospit and retail oral-pharmaceut market, and will strengthen it posit in the canadian hospit market through it line of inject products. 
 after more than a decad of domin the market for the fastest and most power computers, cray research inc. of minneapoli now face a new domest challenger: eta system inc.in late december, eta, 89% own by control data corp., ship it first supercomputer, boast that it new line would run faster than the fastest cray computer. 
 todd said it appoint brown brother harriman & co. to investig alternatives, includ the sale of assets, "a combin of todd with anoth firm," and the renegoti or refinanc of portion of the compani debt.th compani also said the loss of the contract to build a new line of ddg-51 guid missil destroy may have "a materi advers effect" on the company. 
 moog inc. said it agre in principl to sell it carleton line of precis pneumat compon for $30 million to fr group plc of britain. 
 mr. gibbon couldn't be reach for comment.th new line is draw less-than-radi review in some quarters. 
 bargain hunter will face some dilemmas, however, and not all price are falling.som of the deepest cut are for older ibm clones, but some of those machin won't be power enough to run the new industry-standard softwar be plan for ibm new person service/2 line. 
 j. kendrick nobl jr., analyst with painewebb inc., note that map compani have becom more aggress in market their product as premium sinc the mid-1970s, when oil companies, one of the industri largest clients, stop give away road map atlas to attract customers.to enhanc it qualiti image, hammond also revamp it well-known trade line of world atlases, replac the old cloth cover book with a leather bound, gilded, thumb-index edition. 
 quaker oat co., in a move to reduc it swollen debt load, agre to sell sever recent acquir food line to kraft inc. for $235 million. 
 quaker oat co., in a move to reduc it swollen debt load, agre to sell sever recent acquir food line to kraft inc. for $235 million.th busi plan for sale, includ such line as seven sea salad dress and chiffon margarine, were all acquir last septemb when quaker paid $805 million for anderson, clayton & co., houston. 
 as previous reported, quaker want to sell everyth it acquir in that transact except the gain pet food unit.for glenview, ill.-bas kraft, the new line will boost it market share on sever supermarket shelv it alreadi dominates. 
 in 1986, quaker earn $88.1 million, includ $58 million from discontinu operations, on sale of $1.08 billion.th acquisit will allow kraft to use it exist sale forc and distributor for the new lines; it may also allow certain plant consolidations. 
 analyst estim that the non-food busi could fetch $200 million, thus further reduc quaker debt and posit it to pursu it state strategi of more acquisitions.mr. smithburg has said he is target groceri product with lead market share and toy line that would fit into quaker fisher-pric toy and children furnish unit. 
 moreover, as appl move it product line into the more expens and sophist market for engin workstations, profession publish system and serious busi manag applications, the compani retail dealer network will have to find way of sell comput system that are better suit to those more sophist markets."what was the top of our line of busi comput last week is now the bottom of our line," said john sculley, appl chairman and chief execut officer. 
 a week ago, ross said it expect to report a net loss of about $42 million for the fiscal year end feb. 1.the expect loss results, in larg part, from a fourth-period pre-tax charg of about $40 million to cover the close of 25 store and discontinu of some poor perform merchandis lines. 
 she is a spokeswoman for spring air mattresses, has done ad for mcdonald's, buf-puf and nestle's, and just sign a contract with licens corp. of america."right now we'r look at a dress line," say mr. manzella, who claim that other offer have come in from polaroid, kodak, saran wrap, chemic bank and hostess twinkies. 
 "we'r expect his addit to be veri posit in devis new strategies."found in 1964, the compani bought matchbox wheel toys, a 33-year-old line, in 1982. 
 univers matchbox has a need for my talent perhap more than mattel doe now."mr. forcelledo expect mr. kalinsk experi to move the compani into more toy for girls, from it current focus on die-cast toy and boy lines. 
 if the world-market price fall below that level (it is now seven cents), quota for import sugar are reduc until domest price reach 18 cent a pound.thi tactic mean there is no line item in the budget label "sugar giveaway," but that the averag famili of four must spend an extra $100 a year in higher price for such stapl as sugar, peanut butter, ketchup, salad dress and cereal. 
 price rang from $1,954 for a person comput base on intel 80286 microprocessor to $8,653 for one base on the 386 chip.bi announc the line onli two month after intern busi machin corp. unveil it own new famili of person computers, ncr is attempt to sway potenti ibm corpor custom to buy ncr machines, three of which compet direct with the ibm computers. 
 moreover, the high-perform oper system, call os/2, that can tap the full power of the new machin won't be avail until at least 1988.vernon yates, a vice presid of ncr and general manag of the person comput division, acknowledg that the compani is make the earli announc of the line in respons to ibm new machines. 
 he said the compani weaken financi condit would make it imposs for the concern to bear certain start-up and other cost without help from the navy.th contract is to build a new line of the navi ddg-51 class destroyer. 
 ncr corp., as expected, unveil here a line of person computers, includ one base on intel corp. power 80386 microprocessor. 
 and at american can in the earli 1980s, mr. tsai enthusiasm for financi servic found a recept audience.in particular, william woodside, then chairman of american can, embrac mr. tsai idea for push into insurance, mutual fund and other financi areas, while shed the compani traditional, slow-growth manufactur lines. 
 greyhound corp., look skyward for busi to replac the bus line it recent sold, agre to acquir carson piri scott & co. in-flight cater and airport-termin concess oper for $326 million.announc of the propos purchas of the dobb hous airport restaur and other food-servic line of chicago-bas carson piri came as specul increas that minneapoli investor irwin jacob was acquir greyhound shares. 
 "we'r go to sit and digest this one, and we'll look at it mayb a year from now," he said.th compani also remain interest in acquisit of consumer-product oper that would fit with it purex and dial line -- "anyth that not perish and can sit on a groceri shelf," he said. 
 quaker oat agre to sell sever recent acquir food line to kraft for $235 million. 
 zayr corp., whose earn and stock valu have been held down by it discount store operations, plan to sell a portion of it specialti store to the public.analyst said the move will rais cash for the framingham, mass.-bas retail and boost it stock valu by highlight the success of it off-pric specialti retail lines. 
 he usual doe what he set out to do," say stephen carnes, an analyst at piper jaffray & hopwood inc.on wednesday, beatric file with the secur and exchang commiss for an initi public offer of it remain non-food busi and some of it smaller specialty-food lines. 
 but he said he is "concerned" that the food busi earnings, which lag the industri lead performers, could cool investor reaction to such a larg offering.beatric domest lines, includ hunt tomato product and wesson cook oils, had pre-tax profit of $448 million on sale of $4.82 billion in the fiscal year end feb. 28. 
 an industri sourc close to beatric say sever compani have express interest in the food businesses.that sourc said that such a sale, if it occurs, would follow the e-ii offer and the like disposit of the intern food lines. 
 a sourc close to burlington said that half of burlington divis have been break even or post loss and would be ripe candid for divestiture, while "the other half were cash cows."about 55% of burlington fiscal 1986 sale of $2.78 billion were in apparel fabrics, some line of which have been hit hard by import competition. 
 "guy run plant shouldn't be handicap against guy sell bonds," he said.in addition, mr. peltz said he and mr. may have been do more of the type of acquisit and corpor financ work that invest banker do than the work of line industri managers. 
 mr. jacob recent open a restaur overlook a boat dealership he own on the shore of lake minnetonka here.t at the snazzi new york-styl deli and grill, call sasha's, are care arranged: no matter which way custom turn, their gaze fall upon the dealership line of sleek wellcraft powerboats. 
 but the once-ubiquit preppi emblem is slowli reappear in store that shun the sportswear brand after sale plummet in 1984 and they got stuck with bloat inventories."a lot of exclus depart store drop most of the izod line when it becam overexpos and the qualiti slipped," say marvin lord, presid of the youthwear divis at crystal brand inc., the market of izod lacost apparel. 
 crystal brand recent consum research found most favor reaction to the alligator, but the compani has decid not to plaster it on everyth in sight.it especi scarc in the women line where fashion is far more import than a logo. 
 instead of the tradit sewn-on patch, it is screen-print and embroid on some shirts.in the boy line, a new sweater is emblazon with a fanci crest show the allig on a shield with french and american flags. 
 as reported, mattel said sale from oversea operations, under mr. amerman control, rose 47% in 1986.mr. kalinsk had head mattel domest operations, which the compani said suffer in 1986 becaus of lower demand for it master of the univers line of toys. 
 digit equip corp. and cray research inc., two lead maker of comput for scientist and researchers, are develop method of speed communic between their comput lines. 
 indeed, while cray spokesman wouldn't say whether such discuss are under way, he note that between 40% and 50% of cray supercomput are connect with intern busi machin corp. computers, "so it make an aw lot of sens for us to do everyth we can to improv the perform of that connection."between 10% and 20% of cray machin world-wid are link with digit vax line, cray spokesman estimated, with the rest receiv data from comput made by minneapolis-bas control data corp. 
 general motor corp., struggl with a lacklust car line and bloat costs, tap a new presid who has a proven record of cost cut and decad of experi build automobiles. 
 gm new presid is robert c. stempel, a 53-year-old with broad experi and a record of cost-cutting.stempel selection, end a tens contest among top officers, come as the auto maker struggl with a lacklust car line and bloat costs. 
 general motor corp. saturn corp. subsidiari is expect tomorrow to announc detail of a sale network compos of far fewer dealer than the auto maker other car lines. 
 general motor corp. saturn corp. subsidiari is expect tomorrow to announc detail of a sale network compos of far fewer dealer than the auto maker other car lines.a gm sourc said saturn initi expect to appoint onli about 100 dealer in major u.s. markets, compar with sever thousand dealer at each of gm five other car lines. 
 in 1986, the maker of elastom product and fiber materi earn $2.5 million, or 87 cent a share.th project improv reflect gain from an acquisition, reduc loss from unprofit lines, and open of a new elastom plant. 
 intern busi machin corp., in anoth move to regain ground on competitor such as digit equip corp., unveil four new model in it most power mid-rang comput line and it first mainfram comput price below $1 million. 
 "what we'v realli done . . . is enhanc our mid-range," said larri ford, an ibm vice president.mr. ford said that sinc last october, "we'v complet refresh the entir mainfram line." 
 mr. ford said that sinc last october, "we'v complet refresh the entir mainfram line."however, the machin aren't like to signific contribut to ibm sale until the fourth quarter; the new mainframe, the 3090 model 120, won't be avail until october, while the new machin in ibm 4381 medium-s line are schedul to be ship in the first quarter of 1988. 
 the four new 4381 comput are price between $225,000 and $890,000.the most potent of the four, the model 24, is at least six time more power than the entri level offer in the eight-model line. 
 under the plan, custom would get a current 4381 model and by the first quarter next year receiv accessori that convert the machin into the more power models.ibm offer a similar incent plan to boost current sale of an unavail product earlier this year, when it unveil two new model in it 3090, or sierra mainfram line. 
 mani of ibm 4381 customers, mid-siz busi or depart within larg companies, have reach the limit of the memori capac of the current models, but aren't readi to buy a mainfram yet, he added.th 4381 announc also put to rest specul that ibm would "quick obsolet the 4381 line" with the 9370 mid-siz line that was unveil last october, said david andrews, a consult with adm inc. of cheshire, conn. 
 the new mainfram "bring the 3090 down one more level," said ibm mr. ford.ibm also announc new softwar packages, includ the first softwar permit the develop of applic that will run across the so-cal system/370 line of computers.th system/370 line consist of the 9370 and 4381 mid-rang comput and the 3090 mainframes. 
 yesterday hardwar and softwar introduct are the most recent step in a flurri of move ibm has made sinc octob to fend off stiff competit from compani such as digit equipment, a major threat in the mid-rang market, and amdahl corp., which make machin that run softwar made for ibm mainframes.in addit to unveil the 9370 line, ibm has enhanc it lacklust workstation, the rt person computer, and cut price on it mainfram offer while introduc new ones.th compani also introduc a new line of person comput last month, in a bid to protect it posit in that market. 
 "no matter how you look at it, chrysler get a lot of valu for what it is paying," said scott merlis, an analyst with morgan stanley & co. "chrysler bring a lot of valu to amc, amc bring a lot of valu to chrysler."specifically, chrysler is expect to benefit great from amc popular jeep line -- it onli consist profit product -- and amc state-of-the-art assembl facil in bramlea, ontario. 
 beatric cos. said it file with the secur and exchang commiss for an initi public offer for it remain non-food busi and some of it smaller specialty-food lines. 
 e-ii busi will includ stiffel lamps, samsonit luggag and the culligan water soften business.it food line will includ martha white bake mixes, lowrey meat snack and a private-label pizza business. 
 beatric food core includ swift meats, hunt tomato product and wesson cook oil.th e-ii offer continu beatric strategi of shed it non-food lines. 
 alfin inc., which has come under govern attack for anti-ag claim about it wrinkl creams, said it will report "signific losses, particular in the current fiscal quarter."th cosmet maker ad that it retain bear, stearn & co. to studi "financi alternatives," includ the sale of the skin-car line. 
 allis-chalm corp. said it receiv a $150 million propos for certain of it busi from chicago-bas ca ltd.the mine and miner process equip concern said ca has offer to buy allis-chalm solid process equip busi -- which also includ it energi and miner system line -- the stephens-adamson business, industri pump busi and power generat system business. 
 beatric cos. plan an initi public offer for it remain non-food busi and some of it smaller specialty-food lines. 
 vast stretch of previous uninhabit wilder in such state as mato grosso, and even amazon, have been transform into some of the most product farm in the world.and the industri giant of sao paulo today success compet on an intern level and occasion pioneer advanc equipment, such as embraer success airline-manufactur line. 
 compani that sell car in the u.s. are requir by feder law to phase in passive-restraint system such as automat seat belt or airbags.ford didn't specifi which car line might get the safeti equipment, which protect passeng against injuri in head-on collisions, but said they would be ad to car with driver-sid air bags. 
 driver-sid air bag current are avail on four-door ford tempo and mercuri topaz models, as well as on some european import cars.robert h. munson, ford director of automot safety, said the passeng air bag will be offer on "certain car lines, assum the engin and test now under way demonstr that a safe, reliabl and effect system is practic and that an adequ suppli of such system is then available." 
 donald d. kingsborough, chairman and chief execut officer, said the drop in fourth-quart earn result from heavi invest in new product intend to diversifi operations.th compani soon will begin ship a line of school accessories, includ an answer machin for use in school locker -- a devic that is trigger to record messag by a whistle-lik activator. 
 the comput system, which isn't expect to be avail until the fourth quarter this year, will have a base price of $27,495.system 1300, as the new product is called, fill a gap in the compani line of multius comput system for business. 
 graphic packag corp., paoli, pa., began trade under the symbol gpak.th compani manufactur a divers line of flexibl packag product for various industries. 
 year-ago net includ a $4.2 million charg in connect with the close of a baby-food plant in oakland, calif.th compani said sale improv as a result of the widespread accept of a new line of babi food introduc in october. 
 he note that it offer smithklin an opportun to increas it share of the inject antibiot market and to increas tagamet use among hospit patients.ronald nordmann of painewebb inc. said the arrang will allow smithklin to boost sale of some of it antibiot that aren't sell well by "ti them into a program that promot a specif (product) line." 
 meanwhile, stapl competitor aren't stand still.discount warehous chain like price co. and costco wholesal corp., which sell a varieti of product and report receiv almost 10% of their revenu from sale of offic products, plan to expand office-suppli line. 
 the price of the contract wasn't disclosed, but galoob said it made an advanc payment and also will pay royalties.galoob said it will market a line of action figures, playsets, electron hand-held game and toy weapon base on the new program, which will begin oct. 3. 
 fortun friday report a first-quart net loss of $1.5 million, compar with a $345,000 profit a year earlier, on a 32% drop in revenu to $7.3 million.sci, an electron manufacturer, has said the acquisit of fortun microcomput busi will strengthen it own line of microcomput products. 
 "i'm surpris that would happen.i thought the main line (business) was pretti solid," said bert metter, who, until late april, was chairman and chief execut offic of thompson j. walter thompson usa unit. 
 "if i come into (a televis station) in los angel with a great show, they say, thank you veri much, goodbye,'" say andrew heyward, a former hanna barbera writer and stori editor who is now presid and major sharehold of dic enterprises."but if we go in and say, hey, we'v got a hot toy line come out from mattel, and normal they spend $7 million in your market on spot advertising, that a differ story." 
 year-earli net includ a gain of about $8.6 million from sale of a division.burlington also note gain in some industri and home-furnish lines. 
 sell scent get tougher, prompt a fragrance-industri shakeup.disappoint profit put mani fragranc line on the block, includ some own by drug companies. 
 the buyers: cosmet and fragranc companies.revlon group inc. purchas the dian von furstenberg fragranc from beecham group plc, while sanofi inc. buy distribut right to the nina ricci line from american cyanamid co. 
 boy and date came in sixth.leggi looks: thigh-high skirt sell well in design and junior lines. 
 a sale of the seven consum brand would take away valuabl robin assets.robin consum product unit, which compris the seven brand and a line of pet-car products, had oper profit of $52.7 million on sale of $267 million in 1986. 
 the latest announc includ some plant that just last month were temporarili shut down and then restarted.th car line affect by the new action includ the pontiac 6000 and the buick century. 
 benihana nation corp. said it has retain kidder, peabodi & co. to advis the compani on a sale, joint ventur or licens arrang of it frozen food division.th restaur and frozen food concern said a sale or other disposit of it two frozen food line would permit it to direct financi resourc to the develop of it restaur business. 
 low ingredi costs, heavi promot of new product and aggress market of establish line such as cereal and frozen food help profits. 
 ibm and appl are make big cut in the number of dealer who will be permit to carri their new products, but are tri to tie up more of the remain dealer shelf space and more of their salesmen "mind space" -- as one dealer put it.a a result, dealer will general becom more specialized, drop some manufactur product so they can concentr on a few main line and possibl focus on fewer type of customers. 
 those drawback like mean that as mani as a third of ibm current dealer will either decid not to carri the new product or won't qualify.but dealer say they like ibm move to use the new comput line to lock in big-busi customers, and those dealer who remain will have pledg allegi to big blue. 
 comput factori has cut about a third of the vendor it use to carry.th computerland corp. store in st. cloud, minn., chose not to renew it sale agreement with appl and may drop some printer line so it can concentr on ibm new printer line; mr. deboer of computerland predict it ibm sale will increas 15%. 
 "it was alreadi happening, but it was happen slowly."h say that not onli will dealer focus on fewer line of equipment, but that dealer will focus more on market nich -- concentr on busi of a certain size or on specif industries, such as bank or insurance. 
 the non-food busi had sale of $1.2 billion in the year end feb. 28, 1987, repres about 13% of beatric total.mr. kelli plan to assum control of the non-food company, the sourc said, gradual shed some line and perhap ad other in build an independ chicago-bas conglomerate. 
 upriver, men demonstr the busi end of a blowgun.here, at the ngiu kee depart store, cosmetologist demonstr the new bio line of natural-ingredi makeup put out by kenebo, the japanes cosmet firm. 
 mr. white point out that in fiscal 1985, sale of comput termin account for 96% of wyse business.aft acquir amdek corp., a distributor of electron products, in januari 1986, and after introduc it own line of person computers, the sale mix shift considerably. 
 ici america inc. announc a $50 million expans of it polyester-film plant in hopewell, va.th expans involv a new thick-film line that is slate to begin product in 1989 and increas plant capac 20%. 
 the japanese, launch their long-await effort to crack the u.s. supercomput market, introduc a three-machin line and vow to compet head-on with u.s. rivals. 
 energi convers devic inc. said it optic memory-storag technolog is be use by intern busi machin corp. in a new line of person computers. 
 the consum product and financi servic busi had lower oper earnings, greyhound said, though transport manufactur earn rose 7%.the compani said it line of household laundri product hadn't return to the profit level that prevail befor new-product spend by competitor was increas in mid 1986. 
 gm has design the program to bring custom into chevrolet showrooms, as buyer must sit insid a vehicl with a paper "key" from the procter & gambl product to see if they'v won.also includ in this joint promot is a new line of chevrolet pickup trucks. 
 gm other divis cut financ rate for 36-month and 48-month loan contracts.in addition, rebat for buick and oldsmobil model now are base on specif car line rather than on the type and number of option order with the car. 
 soon, gm will know whether it has been play leapfrog -- or just a desper game of follow-the-leader.six year and some $5 billion later, the no. 1 auto maker is prepar to introduc what could be it most import car line ever, now code-nam "gm-10." 
 and taurus and sabl have driven triumphant into the mid-siz market.at the same time, gm line of older, rear-wheel-dr mid-siz cars, such as the current regal and pontiac grand prix, is schedul for retirement. 
 gm also is count on gm-10 to help reduc it use of high-cost, in-hous part suppliers.for william j. clark, that meant tell former colleagu at a warren, mich., plant that they couldn't suppli gm-10 with a steering-system part as they have done with other gm lines. 
 separately, ford said it australian unit and nissan australian unit are discuss the possibl of joint sell certain model in australia.th discuss are a respons to the australian govern plan to limit the number of car line produc in that country. 
 in nation over-the-count trade yesterday, minnetonka share jump $3 to close at $29.375.the line plan for sale are softsoap liquid soap, villag bath soap and shampoo and sesam street bubbl bath and shampoo.jerom jenko, minnetonka vice presid and general counsel, estim total sale for the three line at more than $50 million last year. 
 jerom jenko, minnetonka vice presid and general counsel, estim total sale for the three line at more than $50 million last year.mr. jenko said the plan sale is part of a strategi to focus on the compani higher-margin lines, which includ obsess perfum and cologn and other calvin klein fragrances.also, minnetonka said it sign an agreement in principl to market calvin klein industri inc. line of women small leather accessori world-wid under the calvin klein trademark. 
 "restaur even did better on tomato soup than homemad or store-bought, which caus a lot of constern around here," say anthoni adams, campbel director of market research.so doe campbel regret name a new line of soup home cookin'? 
 reebok intern ltd. chairman paul fireman predict the canton, mass., concern would becom the lead maker of basketbal shoe by year end.reebok meteor rise was base on it aerobic-sho line; it ad basketbal sneaker last year. 
 in a speech in new york, compaq presid rod canion said "compaq intend to continu . . . provid industri standard" person computers.earli this month ibm introduc a new line of person comput that deviat in certain way from the standard it set with it ibm pc in 1981 -- the standard on which compaq base the $1.8 billion in comput it has sold sinc it start-up in 1983. 
 michael s. swavely, compaq vice president, marketing, said compaq would have "at least one major new product announc this year," fit the strategi outlin in mr. canion speech.but mr. swave wouldn't rule out the possibl of compaq produc a comput compat with the new ibm line.h said it was "conceivable" that compaq might eventu produc two line of comput base on the differ standards. 
 wilson has long had a reput for innovation, new product and smart marketing.even through the difficult time sinc it was spun off by ltv corp. in 1981, the compani maintain a research program that help develop it deli line and new technolog for tender fresh pork for it tendercut brand. 
 in the over-the-count market, sun microsystem rose 1 3/4 to 34 1/8, microsoft gain 7 1/4 to 106 1/4, lotus develop advanc 2 1/2 to 31 and apollo comput ad 2 to 20 1/8.appl computer, which plan to creat an independ softwar compani to develop and publish softwar for two of it comput lines, move up 2 to 77 in otc trade as volum top 1.4 million shares. 
 the need for regulatori approv and complex comput system keep mani small insur out of the variable-lif market.briefs: eldergames, a new line of game design for patient suffer memori loss, includ eldertrivia and memori jogger flashcards. . . . 
 prab robot inc. said westinghous electr corp. unim inc. unit agre in principl to licens prab to make, sell and servic unim line of hydraul unim industri robot in north and south america. 
 when the novel came on the market in late 1985, at least five hous want it.gerald howard, who run penguin contemporari american fiction line, say he took care of the competit by "read it veri quick and go nut for it." 
 mr. howard report that allianc entertain has paid a $10,000 option toward a $200,000 purchas if it like the script treatment.th caf line is the eight-year-old reprint hous for such sturdi modern master as donald barthelme, william kennedi and lauri colwin. 
 in the econom of modern mass-market paperback publishing, a serious literari novel that sell steadili but modest is near imposs to keep in print.nowadays, it is an outfit like caf, as well as random hous vintag line and a clutch of small presses, that offer the possibl of a long life for much serious fiction. 
 as with ibm, other comput concern report sharpli stronger march sales.th surg was part attribut to custom who had been hold back to evalu new model and enhanc in ibm sierra mainfram line. 
 american telephon & telegraph co. cut price 5% to 38% on it slow-sel person computers, reflect increas price competit in the wake of the new pc famili unveil earlier this month by intern busi machin corp.th biggest cut were made in the at&t pc 6300 plus line; the price of an entri model with a singl floppi disk drive fell 38% to $1,590, and the price of the top-of-the-lin model with a "hard" disk store the equival of 20,000 page of data was cut 29% to $3,065. 
 "i want to be in a situat where i can see some posit result veri quickly."at digital, the 51-year-old mr. kramer is best known as the product manag who built the compani line of pdp scientif comput into a $300 million busi by 1978. 
 mr. rattigan, 49 year old, was wide view as the architect of a sever cost-cut campaign that was larg respons for the return to profitability.whil sale gain have trail the increas in profit, the compani has been bet that it expand line of amiga person comput will spur revenu growth. 
 it was the first vaccin produc by gene-spl to gain fda market clearance.biocin was form to develop and put on the market a line of genet engin vaccin against a varieti of infecti diseas includ aids, oral, genit herpes, malaria and sever strain of hepatitis. 
 the slower sale growth for person comput also trigger a shakeout among personal-comput dealer that thin their rank by more than a third.and, as if that weren't enough, last year personal-comput price were driven down by the mani clone of ibm standard-set pc line of computers. 
 revenu fell 1.1% to $315.2 million from $318.8 million becaus of "the rapid deterior in sale of our older" comput products, said edson d. decastro, president.revenu from the mv line of super-minicomput grew, he said, and mani custom are inquir about computers, although they haven't yet place orders. 
 mr. henson said "our better-than-expect earn can be attribut to a surg in order late in the quarter," and cost controls.in february, he warn analyst to expect flat result becaus custom were hold off purchas while wait for a new line of machin to becom available. 
 stratus make "fault tolerant" comput that can handl a constant stream of task without break down.it said that product in a new line of comput it introduc feb. 2 account for 75% of it first-quart revenue. 
 comput sale account for rough 25% of the compani sales, accord to analysts.unit sale for the compani line of comput compat with intern busi machin corp. pc increas 62% in the quarter.som analyst had suggest that comput sale might be upset by the introduct of a new line of person comput from ibm, expect throughout the quarter. 
 her respons includ order supplies, type sale reports, coordin travel arrang and make morn coffee.sh also repres a small peripher line she'd learn about while clean out the offic files. 
 sinc no one els was interest in handl the project, the district manag let her take it on in addit to her other responsibilities.when she succeed with that line, she took on sever other small products. 
 merlin ii, the larger of the new merlin systems, can accommod as mani as 32 line and 72 phones.th new merlin, which essenti replac the exist merlin line, has more featur such as track length and durat of call by phone, than the spirit system, at&t said.smal model of both line will be avail by may, with larger model avail in the third quarter. 
 digit equip corp. pull the plug on it slow-sel rainbow line of person computers. 
 he ad that "this year we'r go to make sure the revenu (growth) is real, and then let the expens follow."in particular, xerox is benefit from an aggressive, two-year program of cost-cut in it office-equip lines. 
 the rebound is most evid in xerox first-quart earn from continu operations, which rose 32% to $135 million, or $1.25 a share, compar with $102 million, or 93 cent a share, a year ago.pre-tax profit from xerox photocopi and computer-system line was doubl that of the year-earli period. 
 thoma industri inc. said it has sign an agreement with schreder light of brussels, belgium, to make and market schreder line of tunnel light product in the u.s. and canada, except quebec. 
 thomas, which make a broad rang of light products, said it emco light divis in milan, ill., will make and market the schreder products.schred make tunnel light from 18 factori world-wid and also make a broad line of outdoor light products. 
 in the year-earli quarter, the oil and gas concern had net incom of $22.1 million, or 45 cent a share, on sale of $718.9 million.kerr-mcge said all it line were profit in the 1987 quarter except for it contract drill and uranium operations, which incur "small losses." 
 the execut said inventori were reduc 34% dure the quarter to $59 million from $79 million, and that short-term bank debt was reduc 57% to $58 million from $91 million.in explain the lower profit margins, they cite a higher concentr of season outdoor product sales, which carri lower margin than the remaind of coleco line, and sale of cabbag patch kid doll at lower margins, part becaus of special first-quart sale incentives. 
 first-quart oper profit, befor special gains, reach a record $65 million, up 68% from $38.8 million a year earlier.transamerica attribut the improv to signific higher earn across a broad line of it businesses. 
 until recently, rorer was a lacklust compani whose lead over-the-count brand, maalox antacid, was lose market share.but under it new chairman and chief execut officer, robert e. cawthorn, the compani has been push to becom a top drug maker by narrow it focus and search for a major acquisit with strong cash flow and a compat line of prescription-drug products. 
 ronald m. nordmann, a drug analyst at painewebber, said robin would constitut "a veri good catch" for rorer, provid the dalkon shield liabil could be cap at a "reasonable" level.bi acquir robins, rorer could build it prescription- and over-the-count drug lines, he said. 
 philip morri said the market share of it u.s. tobacco unit increas compar with a year ago, although cigarett unit volum fell for both the industri and philip morri u.s.a.th compani said lower retail price boost sale for general food maxwel hous coffe line, while strong gain also were achiev for loui rich turkey products. 
 the maker of air-condit and heat equip expect earn for the second quarter -- historically, it best period of the year -- to exceed year-earli net incom of $5.3 million, or 61 cent a share, jame t. dresher, vice chairman, said.som of the gain will come from sale of a new line of rooftop air condition suit for fast-food restaur and strip shop centers, mr. dresher said in an interview. 
 as reported, avon has agre in principl to acquir giorgio inc., a bever hills, calif.-bas fragranc maker, for $185 million, and there are plan for other acquisit soon, he said.specifically, mr. waldron express a strong interest in the elizabeth arden line that the indianapoli pharmaceut concern eli lilli & co. has said it is selling. 
 appl comput profit rose an unexpect 6.5% in it latest quarter, surpris even the company.sal surg 41%, led by continu strength in the macintosh comput line. 
 "the obvious surpris is how well our sale are doing," said robert saltmarsh, appl treasurer, who ad that their sale growth "is realli broad based."appl has enjoy continu strong sale of it macintosh line of person comput to the import busi market. 
 in addition, mr. saltmarsh said, the compani 10-year-old appl ii product line, which cater to home and educ markets, continu to sell well.ship of the newest machin in the line, the appl ii-g introduc last fall, have pick up. 
 the machin "are crucial for prime.they had a need to expand their line," said richard mikita, an analyst with market research intern data corp., framingham, mass. 
 separately, wang introduc sever new product that allow pictur and imag to be store on optic disk and then shown on special comput screens.th system work with wang current line of computers, and wang offici predict they may sell as much as $100 million of the system in fiscal 1988. 
 comput associ has grown rapid by focus on a part of the softwar market call system utilities, which help data process center manag their oper more efficiently.it has made a seri of acquisit to broaden it line of busi software, includ the purchas of softwar intern corp. and integr softwar system corp. last december. 
 the big piec left are financi services, auto parts, defens and aerospace, industri and forest products, communications, and hotels.mr. kelli envis a manufactur acquisit that would, for example, add to the auto-part line. 
 basic are no secret to merchandisers.for mani year major retail identifi basic item in all stapl line and made certain they were "alway available." 
 for years, rorer group inc. was regard as a dull laggard of the drug industry.it had a tini research budget and a weak prescription-drug line. 
 despit such ambiti moves, mr. cawthorn acknowledg that a lot more will be need to catapult rorer into a leadership position.ideally, he say he would like to buy a compani with "strong cash flow" and a compat line of prescription-drug products. 
 tandi corp. comput sale weren't hurt in it third quarter end march 31 by the expect that intern busi machin corp. would announc a new line of person computers, tandi chairman, john roach, said. 
 overal comput sale in the consum electron concern fiscal third quarter rose 16%, he said.both percentag figur includ tandi line of comput that aren't ibm-compatible, as well as those that are. 
 the increas was primarili fuel by ibm larg mainfram computers, analyst said.sal sputter earlier in the quarter, larg becaus custom were scrutin ibm januari introduct of two new model and price cut in it so-cal sierra mainfram line. "(we) began to gain momentum and had an excel march," an ibm spokesman said. 
 "that when they'll be hit on all eight cylinders," montgomeri mr. jone said.in july, the compani is expect to start deliv it new midrang computers; ibm sale of it new person comput line, unveil earlier this month, also will be well under way and the compani expens should be lower. 
 "profit margin are still under pressur and price are still under pressur in the comput industri and aren't like to let up."ibm profit margin declin almost three percentag point in the quarter, reflect price cut in the person comput line "and some other products," the ibm spokesman said. 
 at $165 an ounce, "clear (giorgio) reach a veri carriag trade business."h said avon will keep giorgio and it tradit busi separ and that avon repres won't sell the giorgio line. 
 a spokesman said the plan transact doesn't forestal other acquisit by avon for it beauti or health care operations.for one thing, he said, the compani continu to be "veri interested" in the elizabeth arden line that eli lilli & co., indianapolis, has said it want to sell. 
 "still, with the introduct of the new ibm machin it an import time for compaq and it would be better to have him than not," mr. galvin added.intern busi machin corp. last week introduc a new line of person comput that will compet with compaq line, which has grown from the origin portabl to includ a number of desktop models. 
 in it complaint file in the u.s. district court for the southern district of new york, american natur beverag corp., maker of soho natur soda, claim anheuser-busch packag for zeltzer seltzer is "confus similar" to that for soho natural.clos held american natur said it has use it current packag design for soho natur sinc 1982 and sell the fruit-flavor line of soda in 33 states. 
 robert h. smith, national-oilwel chairman, said, "bi combin the strength of two of the lead compani in the field, we are form an entiti which can surviv under current depress industri conditions."th compani make and sell a complet line of drill and product equipment. 
 mr. frain, a market specialist, was chosen in late januari to be the first presid and chief execut offic of alfr dunhil of london inc., the u.s. arm of dunhil holdings.h say the compani plan to expand beyond it tradit line of veri expens smoker products, into veri expens "serious menswear." 
 we mix tobacco for individu customers."and so the line of suit dunhil plan to launch will have a "bottom price point" of $750.most of the line, which will emphas custom fit and hand tailoring, will hover around the $2,000 mark, accord to mr. frain. 
 menswear, which in the u.s. now includ fine tailor products, make up 30% of sales.mr. frain say he will focus in the u.s. on retail and on more complet menswear lines. 
 "the averag person isn't interested."nor doe mr. farley want viewer to rememb him display the compani latest line of underwear. 
 the compani said it purchas of 4.2 million of it share dure 1986 fuel a 15% rise in earn per share.despit sale increas in electronics, major applianc and other lines, raytheon report lower sale in energi servic and aircraft products. 
 onc sleepi glenmor is take lot of gambl these days.th "light of day" project was mere the start of a major reposit campaign to liven up it old-fashion mr. boston line of liqueur and other distil spirits. 
 sale for the quarter exceed $200 million, he said.th earn and sale figures, both better than analyst expected, indic that compaq sale dure the quarter weren't hurt signific by the prospect of a new line of comput that intern busi machin corp. was expect to introduc at the end of the period. 
 she ad 1980s sunglasses, patch and labeling, and had the compani sponsor a women surf cup.mrs. gibson also help origin limit pseudo-italian forenza line and has introduc new label like outback red, an australian safari look, and axcess accessories. 
 but as mrs. gibson experi with more upscal and expens merchandise, and as the store target popul ages, analyst say she will have to keep a care eye on the ident of both store and merchandise.certain not all of her move score; accord to one analyst, the album by kenzo -- a line of recent year -- has been vast scale back becaus it "didn't fit." 
 when she surfaces, she is friend but blunt."you know i alway tell the truth," she warn one design who ask what she thought of the line of blue jean and sweatshirt he'd just love presented. 
 varian associ inc. said it receiv a three-year contract for more than $30 million from toshiba corp.varian will suppli x-ray tube for the tokyo compani line of computer tomographi scanners. 
 the maker of disk drive control wouldn't elabor on the size of the expect loss, but a spokesman said the compani doesn't expect to have ani futur busi with ibm.th part the compani use to suppli to ibm are for machin that are be phase out in connect with the big comput maker recent introduc line of person computers. 
 carlo de benedetti, chairman of ing. c. olivetti & co., announc plan to launch a new line of olivetti person comput and minicomput in june and to set up an industri hold compani in spain. 
 in over-the-count trading, share of clone-mak wyse technolog inc. also rose, and appl comput inc. stock was up sharply."aft all the dust settl from the big announcement, the long wait begins," said appl chairman john sculley, contend that appl is way ahead of ibm. similarly, compaq presid rod canion said he doesn't see ani need for price cut or product chang and that ibm new line "doesn't offer ani major new advantag and isn't veri aggress from a price standpoint." 
 but in move against such clone as epson, ibm may be appli more immedi pressur through it new, tighter approach to pc dealers.big blue is restrict the number of dealer -- now total 2,300 for the old line -- that will be author to sell the newest and highest-pr product by creat a special class of retailer. 
 moreover, the dealer must meet certain sale quotas, carri other design ibm products, report sale to ibm month and bolster custom support.such requir may forc some dealer to drop other brand to spend more time and resourc on the ibm line. 
 "anyon who carri four or five (brands) will have to reevalu it," said bert helfinstein, chairman of entr comput center inc. ad jim levinson, who own three computerland store in cincinnati: "the kind of thing (ibm) is ask for are veri money-intens . . . it go to make us rethink our busi totally."th low end of the ibm line consist of two model that ibm said are as much as 2 1/2 time faster than the exist pc xt, have more memori and have better graphics, and are lower priced. 
 ibm also announc dozen of other hardwar and softwar product includ five printers, computer-network programs, and a desktop-publish system price at $8,553, which some analyst saw as aggress priced.to clear store shelv for the new products, ibm made these price reductions: a 35% cut to $1,395 for a model of the pc xt and a 32% cut to $1,545 for another; a 15% cut to $1,695 for the pc convert "laptop"; a 17% cut to $2,810 for anoth xt model; a 13% cut to $4,595 for two pc at versions; 9.3% cut to $6,810 for two other ats, and cut of 4% to 10% for four model of ibm slow-sel 3270 pc line. 
 "sun workstat typic are sold in a configur of five or eight workstations, while a macintosh ii will be more of a stand-alon workstation," he said.a spokesman for apollo comput said that the compani doesn't have ani workstat direct compet with the low end of sun line, and that it unit remain price competit against sun more power models. 
 at dec. 31 fortun cash asset total $20.5 million and it sharehold equiti was $51 million.sci, an electron manufacturer, said the acquisit of fortun microcomput busi would strengthen it own line of microcomput products. 
 it next new, high-volum car, the mid-siz gm10 model, won't debut until this fall, and then onli initi in one version at one division.until then, the compani has to reli on it exist lines, which haven't been sell well, despit cash rebates, option packag rebat and low-interest financ rate that current cover more than half it cars. 
 ibm unveil it new line of person computers, mark a new era of competit in the market. 
 and while mr. herbert say he expect the compani to grow internally, he say he also expect it to "be aggress look for acquisit that will dramat expand the business."whil the unit has alway look for acquistions, he says, now it like will be look more broad than just at line that supplement minut maid chill or frozen business. 
 decis percol to the top for even minor entertain expenses.until recently, vice chairman j. phillip samper, who head photograph and inform products, could be call upon to make a decis on ani one of 50,000 products. (now business-unit manag are respons for their own lines.) 
 in recent quarter feder has focus on new chicken product that are gear to current consum trend and also command higher prices.item like it time trimmer line of filleted, quick-to-prepar chicken part have been pay off. 
 lately, consult have had a field day ridicul unwieldi new corpor name like allegi and trinova.but the most critic name seem to be honda motor co. acura car line. 
 geo.a. hormel & co. test top shelf, a line of entre such as boneless beef rib that can be heat in two minutes. 
 carson piri scott & co. in chicago spin off three concepts: corpor level for executives, arcadia for gift and cards, and inpuls for knitwear.to control select and display, liz claiborn inc. plan it own store with a new line of cloth in late 1987 or earli 1988. 
 monarch avalon inc. said earn for the year end april 30 won't be aid by a new line of toy becaus it won't begin sell the toy until may.in an earlier edition, a. eric dott, president, said the compani would begin sell the line in april. 
 whi creat someth new?"whil moline, ill.-bas deer will still be abl to market it smaller line of diesel engin through detroit diesel expans distribut network, it must now look for a way to develop a new engin for the 1990s, analyst said. 
 after month of angst in the comput industri and seem endless rumors, intern busi machin corp. final will introduc it new line of person comput on thursday. 
 yet some student of histori may recal that appl ran a smug ad in 1981 welcom ibm to the pc market -- then watch as ibm market share quick dwarf apple's.in ani case, competitor seem readi to final face realiti and either take their lump or perhap profit from ani weak in the ibm line. 
 scime also said that it and certain of it stockhold have grant bristol-my option to buy more than 50% of all author share at $29.25 a share.scimed, which designs, make and market dispos medic product use to treat cardiovascular disease, recent introduc a line of coronari balloon angioplasti cathet to widen obstruct coronari arteries, facilit blood flow. 
 for market of new products, this lack of gusto mean trouble.but langer suggest that habit shopper may be more will to tri new product if they are line extens with familiar brand names. 
 new busi that offici expect to contribut to futur sale and profit includ waste-to-energi systems, hazardous- and toxic-wast cleanups, busi communications, space commerci and electron secur system for nuclear plants.thes line current have sale of about $50 million and are expect to contribut $300 million to $500 million in sale by 1989. 
 xerox corp., too, has been use product semant increas in it design strategy, a move it claim has result in less train for user and fewer servic call to remedi simpl problems.recently, the compani introduc a line of copier that call to mind typic offic desks, with flat surfac for paperwork on top and storag space and access door below. 
 ibm will unveil it new line of person comput thursday, end month of speculation. 
 a 60-day to 65-day suppli is consid normal.th compani has also suffer declin sale and high inventori in some of it truck lines, mean the strike shouldn't have a signific financi effect unless it last a long time, analyst said. 
 "a strike would probabl help," said philip k. frick of goldman, sach & co.in addition, most of the truck line produc in pontiac are also made at other plants. 
 other analyst believ that bull see the partnership as a way to broaden it intern market, while nec view it as a way to expand technolog exports.nec produc mani part in honeywel current comput line. 
 mr. fireman said that he will focus his own effort on strateg planning, acquisit and overse operations.canton, mass.-bas reebok has grown rapidly, with sale tripl last year to $919.4 million, on the strength of it stylish aerob shoe follow by other athlet shoe lines. 
 monarch avalon inc. expect fiscal 1987 earn to match last year $154,000, or eight cent a share, a. eric dott, president, said.mr. dott cite strong fourth-quart sale from sever new board game and a new line of toys. 
 for the first nine months, mattel net incom fell 75% to $18.6 million, or 31 cent a share, from $73.4 million, or $1.37 a share, a year earlier.harold vogel, a merril lynch & co. analyst, said mattel major problem is that unsold retail inventori of it "master of the universe" line of toy are still veri large. 
 sever new toy that were consid possibl hit for this year have fail to live up to expectations.coleco rambo, pawtucket, r.i.-bas hasbro inc. inhumanoids, and beverly, mass.-bas kenner parker toy inc. centurions, all action-figur line for boys, haven't sold well. 
 hasbro transform action figures, which had sale of $335 million last year, will declin to about $195 million in 1986, the compani said.and hawthorne, calif.-bas mattel inc. said that sale of it master of the univers charact will declin "significantly" from 1985 sale of about $400 million for the line. 
 but 1987 look brighter for the industry.analyst and toy buyer said the major compani will have better line of action figur and doll than they did this year. 
 coleco will introduc miniatur doll with magnet on their feet, which are part of a u.s. space forc and use equip with littl motor to lift cargo and other items.toy buyer and analyst said extens of sever lines, such as hasbro rock star jem, also may be winners. 
 his fashion company, fiorucci s.p.a., of which he is one-third owner, expect pre-tax profit this year of $3 million on sale of $80 million, up from profit of about $800,000 on sale of $60 million last year.mr. fiorucci rework fashion -- the current men line, classic nouveau, invok the 1940s -- and mass item like blue jean are a big hit in france, west germani and south america. 
 though fiorucci make main clothes, it has design such thing as wall clock and tableware.at the compani milan headquarters, the team of 16 design is work on a line that includ durabl and expensive-look leather jacket as well as chunki sweater and more blue jeans. 
 term of the transact with henkel, which is expect to close earli next year, weren't disclosed.th nopco line has annual sale of about $160 million. 
 the new divis will be call the busi product & system group.earn from xerox troubl office-equip lines, which also includ printer and computers, have declin in each of the first three quarter this year. 
 the relianc acquisit brought exxon a number of problem relat to relianc feder pacif electr co. unit.problem with the design of a line of feder pacif circuit breaker led to a cost recall. 
 ply-gem industri inc. said it agre to acquir close held great lake window corp., toledo, ohio, for $18 million.th purchase, which will add to ply-gem line of specialti home-improv products, is expect to close befor year end. 
 mr. hassenfeld said the compani transform action toy group would be the largest categori contribut to 1986 results.hasbro reiter that it expect sale of the line to fall; mr. hassenfeld estim the sale would fall to $195 million this year from $335 million last year. 
 mr. scharffenberg say mr. meenaghan "has a good, thorough insur background."mr. meenaghan say home will "pursu growth aggressively" in some special lines, but the growth will be orderly. 
 in composit trade on the new york stock exchang yesterday, first interst close at $54.25 a share, down 25 cents; bankamerica close at $14.625 a share, unchanged.separately, bankamerica agre as part of a restructur to sell bank of america consum trust line to the well fargo bank unit of well fargo & co., anoth san francisco bank concern, for $100 million. 
 after some debate, ansel decid to relaunch lifestyl instead of introduc a new brand.but it still plan to add new product to the line, and it is still consid chang the name to partners. 
 through qo chemicals, pentech produc certain specialti chemic that are use to make furfuryl alcohol and other product use in foundri resins, plastics, flame retard build materials, oil refin and urethan systems.great lake said qo specialti chemic line fit well into sever market it alreadi serv and enhanc it intern presence. 
 hasbro inc. say tonka corp. ran off with it new toy.hasbro accus tonka of misappropri inform about a "secret" concept for a toy line -- industri rumor are that it involv a holograph techniqu -- that hasbro plan to introduc in februari at the big annual toy fair in new york. 
 "their claim are total without merit," say stephen g. shank, tonka chief execut offic and president."it appear that hasbro is just concern that we have a line into the market befor them." 
 but tonka execut recent told industri analyst that it plan to introduc a toy next year that will featur holograph technology, which use laser light to produc three-dimension images.among hasbro current top seller are it g.i. joe and transform lines; tonka has score big sale recent with it pound puppi line. 
 the toy fair is consid a crucial launch pad for new toy and game for the $12 billion industry.th suit assert that "exclus for a concept at the toy fair can mean the differ between success and failur of an entir toy line." 
 that market is in disord as the comput industri undergo a long-predict consolidation.thi year sever big compani gave up on be independ supplier of a broad line of comput systems: control data corp. is now concentr on certain niches; sperri corp. join with burrough corp. to form unisi corp., and honeywel inc. has decid to merg it comput oper with those of two big oversea comput makers. 
 this year sever big compani gave up on be independ supplier of a broad line of comput systems: control data corp. is now concentr on certain niches; sperri corp. join with burrough corp. to form unisi corp., and honeywel inc. has decid to merg it comput oper with those of two big oversea comput makers.today, data general execut say, their compani is in a select group that includ ibm, digit and hewlett-packard inc. as maker of a broad line of comput product for offic and factories. 
 for example, general electr co. recent agre to joint sell a factory-autom system ge develop at it schenectady, n.y., turbin facility.whil data general continu to make a broad line of comput and software, it is focus on fewer markets. 
 ge is the 10th largest u.s. industri company, and it $39.5 billion stock market valu trail onli intern busi machin and exxon.also, in an era that valu stand-alon busi and discount conglomerates, ge has 14 major lines. 
 under the agreement, appl can't challeng franklin in court again until late next year.currently, franklin sell a line of appl iie- and iic-compat machin that it say don't violat appl patents. 
 the compani said it acquir 15 product with annual sale total less than $10 million and will market them in west germany.among them are a line of topic antirheumatics, which are product to eas arthritis-lik pain, and a line of topic and oral acn treatments. 
 the compani said profit growth stem part from a steadi flow of products.in particular, it cite the strong perform of it fibr trim diet line. 
 such factor have led a number of japanes concern to seek u.s. product capabilities, most recent in semiconductors.th agreement should buttress xerox line of electron typewriters. 
 xerox, which has never done high-volum manufactur for anoth company, also should benefit becaus it will be abl to use more of the capac at it high autom factori in fremont, calif.brother, base in nagoya, japan, said the xerox daisy-wheel printer will give it a faster, more power product than it now has in that line. 
 in each year sinc 1961, he has turn out draw for about 600 women outfits, display in four separ collections.unlik most high-fashion hous here, yves saint laurent s.a. make money on sell the fancy, expens cloth mr. saint laurent designs, as well as the more-access ready-to-wear lines. 
 in the 1970s, toshiba focus on integr circuit for consum goods, neglect the industri chip use in computers.bi the time the compani began make those chips, nec and hitachi ltd. were so far ahead in memori chip that toshiba consid drop the line. 
 he didn't set a timet for the reduction.ask at the meet whether the compani increas leverag meant that coca-cola was "load for bear," -- prepar for an acquisit -- mr. goizueta reiter that ani fresh acquisit would be within the compani exist lines. 
 american cyanamid co. said it is put up for sale it fragranc and skin-car business, jacquelin cochran inc.cyanamid said the business, which includ the la prairi skin-car line, is "a small part" of the shulton consum product segment it acquir in 1971. 
 eli lilli & co. hybritech inc. unit file a patent infring suit against abbott laboratori in a feder court in los angeles. lilli unit claim in the suit that north chicago, ill.-bas abbott sell diagnost kit that infring on hybritech tandem brand name line of test products. lilli said the hybritech line is base on a patent method of use monoclon antibodi to detect pregnancy, cancer and infecti disease. 
 conoco is a unit of wilmington, del.-bas du pont co.basf, a unit of basf ag of west germany, is a major supplier of private-brand antifreeze/cool with annual sale of about $90 million to $100 million for that line. 
 bull make and market some honeywell-model midsiz comput outsid the u.s.and honeywel market nec supercomput line and bull network know-how in the u.s. 
 in 1985, princ repres about 2% of chesebrough $2.7 billion in sales, and bass account for about 6%.unilev has said that it main interest in chesebrough is the compani personal-car products, such as vaselin and q-tips, and it food products, includ the ragu line. 
 detail of the agreement weren't disclosed.a spokeswoman for the pharmaceut concern said syntex, which market a full line of oral contracept in this countri under it own name, enter the agreement with rugbi laboratori inc. in order to make use of excess manufactur capacity. 
 a spokeswoman for the pharmaceut concern said syntex, which market a full line of oral contracept in this countri under it own name, enter the agreement with rugbi laboratori inc. in order to make use of excess manufactur capacity.th oral contracept syntex will manufactur and sell to rugbi are ident to a line syntex produc on which patent protect has expired, she added. 
 oak said the group it is acquir from new york-bas electron technolog had revenu of $18.7 million in the fiscal year end sept. 30.oak, which produc cabl televis equipment, previous said it was plan an acquisit program involv smaller addit to it current lines, and possibl larger purchas outsid it current business. 
 unilev had alreadi care studi chesebrough as one of sever possibl acquisit target in the u.s., mr. angus said.th compani want richardson-vick part for it oil of olay line of skin products. 
 canada dri report a $2.3 million loss in 1986.the acquisit complement the intern strength of it schwepp line of mixers, cadburi said. 
 time mirror -- which publish the los angel time and other newspap -- own onli one trade publication, a st. louis-bas magazin call sport good dealer.but the compani note that it also own sever special public and has been tri to expand that line. 
 mani retail report tight inventori and few plan for big promot sale in the week ahead.higher-pr good were the best seller in line rang from toy to apparel, part because, some retail thought, of the new tax law, which will elimin deduct for sale tax begin next year. 
 she is one of sever charact that togeth brought in $17.6 million in licens fee to american greet in it fiscal 1986, end last feb. 28.the summary-tri juri decid for american greet in find that there had been no intent for mrs. sargent to have commerci right to the work she did for the compani and that her 1977 work on so-cal leader cards, which were part of the process of develop the strawberri shortcak line of greet cards, wasn't original. 
 analyst said that some of it recent introduc toy give it a good chanc of return to profit in 1987.in particular, coleco new starcom toy -- male action figur that move via magnet and spring -- give "everi indic of be one of the best new action line this year," said david liebowitz, an analyst with american secur corp. other promis new product includ a new line of talk cabbag patch kids, a new board game name ubi and talk toy name story-tel alf and wisecrack alf, mr. liebowitz added. 
 it use electr puls appli through electrod pad appli to a patient back and chest, zmi added.zmi said the decis will result in cardiac be enjoin from make and sell it line of pace aid pacemakers. 
 but other sourc said the purchas may be complet by the end of the week.revlon is also negoti to licens the claud montana fragranc line from monteil, the sourc said. 
 you wouldn't write home about their profits."ms. hall also said that revlon may be look at other cosmet line that are current up for sale.som wall street sourc are specul that among those line are piec of charl of the ritz group ltd., recent purchas by yves saint laurent intern s.a. 
 some wall street sourc are specul that among those line are piec of charl of the ritz group ltd., recent purchas by yves saint laurent intern s.a.a previous reported, paris-bas saint laurent is sell the upscal charl of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands, as well as less prestigi line such as jean nate and bain de soleil. 
 mr. richman doesn't expect big problems, and he promis improv profit over the next three to five year through steady, prudent growth.th compani has a strong base: 15 of it domest line are no. 1 brand in their product categories. 
 while tri to reviv it consum product business, it miss out on the frozen entre boom; frozen food is the fastest-grow packag food area right now.th compani tri a line of frozen chees dinner that it quiet fold last year. 
 but kraft is tri again.it current is test a line of frozen entre that includ lasagna and sever meat dishes. 
 some in the industri doubt whether mr. richman is up to the job.an attorney who join kraft law depart in 1954 after graduat from harvard law school, his background isn't in marketing, which is what need to pump new life into tire lines. 
 an attorney who join kraft law depart in 1954 after graduat from harvard law school, his background isn't in marketing, which is what need to pump new life into tire lines.when he spoke to analyst last week in florida, mr. richman was enthusiast about line extensions, which are new version of exist brands. 
 but some analyst scof that he seem to have just discov a strategi that other food giant have use for years.a kraft spokesman said, however, that no matter what other compani have done, kraft still has room for line extens becaus it hasn't use that strategi much. 
 coleco said cabbag patch kid sale underw a 62% declin in 1986 to about $230 million from $600 million a year earlier.moreover, toy introduc by coleco in 1986 -- includ it rambo, furskin and wrinkl line of toy -- didn't do much to offset coleco declin sales. 
 but saint laurent also is sell the charl of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands, which are more prestigious.asid from saint laurent products, the onli signific line it is retain is one call gianni versace. 
 for fiscal 1986, litton had net incom of $71.1 million, or $2.52 a share, on sale of $4.52 billion.litton didn't break out pre-tax profit by segment, although it industri system and servic line, of which the resourc group is part, had a loss of $30.5 million. 
 more than half the industri system and servic revenu came from the oil-servic business.litton said it hasn't ani plan to shed the petroleum servic lines, and ad that the ventur with dresser "repres an expans of the business."litton said the atlas divis of dallas-bas dresser is involv with oil well log (measuring) servic that would complement litton current seismic exploration, reservoir description, core analysi and data interpret lines. 
 hyundai motor america said it rais the base price on it excel subcompact car line an averag of 2.1%. 
 he said that for everi quarter in which the fcc fail to make a decision, the compani earn will be reduced.however, he said that even if the fcc didn't certifi the readers, and the compani was forc to elimin the line, checkpoint still wouldn't sustain a loss. 
 friday close of $6.375, down 12.5 cents, indic the market current valu the compani at about $164 million, repres a loss in market valu of $254 million sinc june.th compani loss are main the result of the cost of expansion, some poor perform merchandis line and it entri in the southwest market, where retail are suffer from the rippl effect of the energi slump. 
 ross store said it will close 25 underperform stores, most locat in the depress energi states, and open 10 new store in other exist markets.charg relat to the closur and to discontinu merchandis line will result in a pre-tax fourth period charg of $40 million, the compani said. 
 balli drive into the hotel-casino industri has made health club an increas awkward fit, analyst said, and thus the most like candid for divestiture.bi shed the health-club line, balli could focus on it remain oper -- gambl machines, state lotteri and amus centers. 
 the charg produc a big loss in 1984.and some investors, nervous that health club also are a fad business, question whether balli isn't build up a line that could collaps just as quickly. 
 briefs: univers of louisvill presid donald swain becom the first univers presid to head a local chamber of commerce. . . .white chocol is one of three flavor offer in neiman-marcus chocolate-flavor toothpast line. 
 for a short time, they will donat a few cent from each sale to a charity.but scott paper co. has carri the idea further by creat a line of seven products, a portion of whose sale alway go to charity. 
 after six month in test in the western u.s., scott say help hand is on target, have contribut $600,000 of it first-year goal of $1 million."we'r abl to afford the donat becaus of the market effici of advertis the entir line as one brand," say don dietrich, a scott executive. 
 it cite tyco doubl dough doer and flower makin basket extrus toys.also name in the suit was glad inc., a close held new york compani that kenner parker said help design tyco line. 
 mr. young, hewlett-packard chief executive, said, "our goal is to manag expens so that they grow at a slower rate than revenue, while maintain our commit to new-product develop and support."hewlett-packard has said it will ship a newli design line of busi minicomputers, it model 930 and 950, dure the second half of calendar 1987, a deadlin be close watch by investor and custom alike. 
 net incom in the year-earli period includ a tax credit of $20.6 million.mattel has said that lower domest demand for it master of the univers line of toy was one factor troubl the compani in 1986. 
 kodak even launch it own blimp in japan to counter fuji green blimp that fli at special event in the u.s.fuji has upstag kodak in the past, most notabl in 1983 when it introduc a new line of film short befor kodak unveil it new film. 
 the unit had 1986 sale of about $362 million.th third main line of the wholesal distribut group, amfac health care, which distribut pharmaceuticals, "has turn the corner toward profitability," the compani said. 
 term of the sale by the baker oil tool inc. unit to trico, a maker of petroleum industri equipment, weren't disclosed.bak intern has said, however, that it expect proceed from sale of the pump busi and of baker tricon rock bit line to total as much as $75 million.a baker spokesman said that the drill bit line is "substanti larger" than the pump business, and that discuss with "sever interest parties" about the drill bit oper are continuing. 
 a baker spokesman said that the drill bit line is "substanti larger" than the pump business, and that discuss with "sever interest parties" about the drill bit oper are continuing.a previous reported, the justic depart had warn that it would sue to block the propos merger unless the two baker line were sold. 
 moreover, the new at&t machin come as mani manufactur -- led by compaq -- are move to a new generat of machin base on the far more power intel 80386 microchip.at&t new machines, price from $3,045 to $5,795 depend on features, aren't much cheaper than the ibm line and don't use at&t unix oper system, which it has been push as a new industri standard. 
 a polaroid spokesman said the cambridge, mass.-bas compani sold 4.3 million instant camera last year, an 800,000 increas from 1985, and that sale of the compani new spectra camera, introduc in april, account for the bulk of the increase."spectra was the big gun in term of (the increas in camera) unit sold, and spectra sold for more money than our other camera lines," he said. 
 fixed-incom fund should attract the lion share of sale but some say by a lower margin than past year becaus of low rates.new toy abound, mani of them high tech, as fantasi line decline. 
 "this year is like to see a record number of new product from the major companies," say analyst david liebowitz of american secur corp.on reason: the peak of sever import toy lines, includ cabbag patch dolls, transform and master of the universe. 
 result also were depress somewhat by the time of the complet last novemb of vf acquisit of blue bell hold co., which had the effect of incorpor season depress decemb sale of some blue bell units.vf own jean line, the lee brand, also experienc some sluggishness. 
 system softwar associ inc. said it complet it initi offer of 1,357,100 common share at $13 each.th chicago-bas compani develops, market and support an integr line of busi applic softwar for certain intern busi machin corp. computers. 
 these divis includ bassett walker, a maker of sweat suit and relat apparel; vaniti fair, a lingeri maker; and modern globe, an underwear maker.mr. pugh said vf has complet it integr of blue bell apparel oper and now is work on "reestablish the identity" of the wrangler jean brand while continu to expand market share for rustler, blue bell other jean line. 
 reebok chief financi offic attribut the activ to posit reaction to the compani product at a sport good trade show over the weekend."som skeptic that might have exist about the compani abil to keep (growth) go was remov by the posit respons to our footwear and our apparel line," he said. 
 the group make hydraul devices, larg for use in road equipment, and material-handl machineri use in airports.whittak is involv in a restructur program design to help the compani focus on it technolog and chemic lines. 
 saturn has it own engineering, design and market staffs.similarly, 3m co. allow it employe to spend as much as 15% of their time on independ develop projects, one of which becam the phenomen success line of "post-it" products. 
 now, in what mrs. medrich call "that wonder american phenomenon where a small idea get institution by the establishment," tradit chocol purveyor are rush to get on the bandwagon.se candi shops, a san francisco-bas chain whose logo is a grandmoth white-hair woman ad a truffl line last year and plan to expand it. 
 but a counter trend may be set in.campbel godiva unit, the brand that start it all, has introduc a more american line. 
 at&t expect that it cost-cut program won't begin produc result until at least next year.chairman jame olson said that vital to the firm growth are long-dist servic and it comput line. 
 the broad claim made by the patent holder in the two current disput have stir criticism."you just don't patent a whole product," say alan shugart, chairman of seagat technology, which has just unveil a line of 3 1/2-inch drive and which freeli trade it patent on specif part of older 5 1/4-inch drives. 
 it declin to elaborate.th maker of medic diagnost test and instrument said the restructur is design to enhanc it posit in the immunodiagnost markets, and to reduc it emphasi on some clinic chemistri product by discontinu certain lines. 
 digit equip corp., as expected, introduc two low-pric comput in it vax line. 
 but longer term, the stripped-down model should "gener more busi for big machines."th model 14se is a single-processor version of the cray x-mp line and come with four million word of memory, equival to about 34,000 kilobytes. 
 some analyst suggest that puma might have been put too much emphasi on mr. becker; his court perform were show sign of be the prime mover in puma stock trade last year.still, puma is gear up it becker campaign this year by instal "bori becker shops" in 1,000 u.s. retail sport stores, featur the complet line of puma tenni and casual wear. 
 sale for u.s. sear store open more than one year grew onli 2.7%.new york-bas j.c. penney co. comparable-stor sale drop 2.4%, in part becaus of it strategi of phase out less profit lines, such as sport goods, said jeffrey edelman, an analyst for drexel burnham lambert inc. 
 digit equip is expect to unveil next week low-cost comput and workstat in it popular vax line. 
 that right, israeli.thi spring, american will get their first tast of a line of 25 gourmet food and beverag product made by sever differ compani in israel but all market under the newli creat brand name betavon. 
 while competitor are impress with the stylish new chevrolet corsica and beretta compacts, gm offici conced that half their sale could come at the expens of other gm compacts.meanwhile, gm won't launch it line of aerodynam midsiz car until the fall. 
 digit equip corp. is expect next week to unveil low-pric comput and workstat in it popular vax line that will make the compani much more competit with other maker of engin computers. 
 she said mani custom who use larger digit system also will buy the low-pric vax comput becaus they can run the same softwar the larger system do.digit said it has schedul a news confer in boston for next tuesday to announc "two new major addit to" it vax line. 
 -- the proton saga.thi malaysian-built compact is to be the second car line import by global motors. 
 most peopl would stay away from it."mr. nordmann also suggest that american home probabl would be better off buy a compani with a stronger prescription-drug line and more patents. 
 trw also said it receiv a record volum of contract award last year.in late 1985, trw began a restructur that involv sell busi -- main aircraft part and industri product -- with annual sale of about $800 million, prune back remain line to their most profit product and a general cost-reduct effort. 
 net for the year rose 57% to $202.5 million, or $4.36 a share.that compar with the prior year $129.1 million, or $2.68 a share, which includ $5.9 million of profit from discontinu line and a $3 million gain from the sale of much of the formica brand product group business. 
 an oscar mayer spokesman said the status of the employe hasn't been determined.cargil accord follow an industri trend in which the big packer are expand into the meat line that are be abandon by less effici operators. 
 ball also said the ventur should have a "posit impact" on futur earnings.th ventur will manufactur ball consum glass products, includ it home canning line, but onli ball will sell them. 
 in composit american stock exchang trading, atari share close at $20.125, up 12.5 cents.industri analyst say the compani strong perform indic it st line of comput is establish itself in the crowd pc marketplace.introduc in 1985, the st machines, which aren't compat with ani other line of pcs, are garner a larg enough user base, analyst said, to induc softwar writer to creat program for the computers. 
 mattel say it has the exclus right to call it toy "slime," and is seek to enjoin hasbro from use the name and an unspecifi amount in punit damages.mattel introduc it self-describ "glop" in 1976, then repack the unctuous matter a few year ago as "slime pit," which it sold as an accessori to it master of the univers line of toys. 
 in addition, debartolo has a seven-year option give it right of first refus on the sale of jordan marsh-new england, the bon, and jordan marsh-florida.thes lines, and the stern depart store chain, would be the onli remain asset of allied, if ann taylor and brook brother were sold. 
 in contrast, domest manufactur have offer a wide varieti of dealer and consum incent over the last sever year to spur sale overal as well as on specif slow-sel models.gener motor corp., ford motor co. and chrysler corp. are current offer custom rebat or low-interest financ on mani car lines. 
 stratus comput inc. introduc a more power line of fault-toler comput design to rapid handl mani transact from distant terminals. 
 stratus comput are use by mani brokerag firm and stock exchang to handl secur quot and custom account data.stratus said the new xa2000 line includ five system with price from $261,000 to $1.1 million. 
 kimberly-clark attribut most of the increas to lower research, advertising, promot and sell expenses.th compani said the 1985 fourth-quart research expens were "abnorm high" becaus of work on a new line of thin, superabsorb huggies-brand diapers, launch in 1986, and other feminin and person care products. 
 the new comput is part of hewlett-packard attempt to refit the intern architectur of it new comput to make them much more powerful.th spectrum line has been under develop for five year at a cost of more than $250 million, in what the compani call the largest project it has ever undertaken. 
 the toledo plant is one of the older oper auto plant in the country, with some of the build date back to the turn of the century.a is the case in wisconsin, amc is seek some help from state govern in financ the toledo project in part becaus it has been incur high cost to start up product of a new line of mid-siz car at a new plant in bramalea, ontario. 
 however, continu strength of the vhs video format and the introduct of vhs-c, a popular compact system back by such major compani as general electr co. rca corp. unit and zenith electron corp., have slow the momentum of 8-mm.kodak deni that it plan to discontinu the line, but some industri analyst indic the move was likely. 
 mr. buckner said eta could produc perhap $60 million in revenu this year, but probabl no profit befor 1989.despit intens competit pressur on the compani mainfram and data-storag product businesses, mr. price said control data intend to retain both lines. 
 comput memori offici couldn't be reach for comment.in july, the compani said it had stop product and had hire invest banker to either sell the compani or acquir other lines. 
 the boe commerci spokesman said that the compani now is concentr on a two-aisle, 150-seat configur for the 7j-7.the propos 100-seat 737 model, be a deriv of the current line of aircraft, could be readi to fli year earlier. 
 buick, oldsmobile, and pontiac announc discount of up to $1,200 on options.thos program last through april 30, and cover about 73% of buick line, 84% of oldsmobile's, and 92% of pontiac's. 
 gm, on the other hand, had too much capacity, which becam a drag on earn last year.ford perform also was fuel by the success of it new taurus and sabl line of midsiz cars. 
 it expand in the u.s. last year by buy canada dri and sunkist drink from rjr nabisco inc. and acquir a 30% stake in close held dr pepper co. ironically, general cinema onc own sunkist but sold it in 1984 to r.j. reynolds, sinc renam rjr nabisco.gener cinema is primarili a pepsi-cola bottler in the u.s. but it also handl dr pepper and sunkist lines. 
 jack nicklaus problem reflect the hazard mani athlet face as they tri to turn their sport career into financi security.th entranc to golden bear headquart in north palm beach is distinctive, adorn with golf club and bags, photo of mr. nicklaus in action, his signatur cloth line and the golfer book (in english, french and japanese). 
 intern busi machin corp. unveil two model in it sierra mainfram line and increas the power of it exist mainframes, while cut price on some of those units. 
 reebok has stay hot by continu expand it product line.although the compani initi depend sole on soft-leath aerob shoe in flashy, pastel colors, it introduc men basketbal shoe in earli 1986, a line of men and women sportswear in the spring and a new line of children nonathlet shoe call weebok last fall. 
 that gave reebok about 15% (unit volume) of the u.s. basketbal shoe market in 1986, make it third after nike inc. and convers inc., accord to smart inc., a market research firm.reebok said, however, that the woman basketbal shoe it introduc in march wasn't as success as the men line. 
 sale of the compani children athlet shoe also rose sharply, as did running-sho sales, despit sluggish in that industry.sal of reebok apparel line -- includ tenni wear, aerob and fit cloth introduc in march -- ad slight more than $40 million to 1986 sales. 
 the diamond star assembl plant in normal, ill., is schedul for complet in the spring of 1988.the compani said it will introduc a new line of passeng car in the 1989 model year. 
 hewlett-packard co., in a bid to boost market share for it redesign line of minicomputers, said it lop 28% off the price of it recent introduc hp 9000 model 840 technic workstations. 
 hewlett-packard said it cut 28% off the price of it recent introduc model 840 technic workstation, an auspici move for it redesign line of minicomputers. 
 but ibm also had some problem that it could have addressed.ibm said sale were disappoint for it midrang comput lines, which have been critic for be incompatible, and it said sale were flat in person computers, where imit have manag to undercut ibm prices. 
 just yesterday, maynard, mass.-bas digit equip corp. announc that it enter the mainfram market with product clear aim at ibm.analyst also say that ibm product to address it problem with it midrang and person comput line won't help until at least the second half, and possibl not until next year. 
 intermed fourth-quart loss from continu oper was $22.1 million, compar with a year-ago loss from continu oper of $13.3 million.for the year, intermed post a loss from continu oper of $17.7 million, compar with a loss from continu line of $19.6 million a year earlier. 
 it hasn't been veri success so far in get order for it telecommun equipment, and last year it lost an import order for telephon switch in japan to northern telecom ltd., the canadian telecommun equip company.separately, at&t said it is cut price between 12% and 17% on it pc 6300 person computers, the second time it has cut price on machin in that line in the last six months. 
 the compani isn't expect to contract for product of ani more unix pcs this year becaus the machin hasn't sold well.sal of the 6300 line also have been below expect recently. 
 johnson, meantime, hasn't been sit by idly.it recent develop two line extens -- a babi condition and condit formula shampoo -- to appeal to older children. 
 minnetonka inc. said it and it west german partner agre to sell the unprofit check-up toothpast line. 
 minnetonka has oper the check-up busi in a joint ventur with henkel corp., the u.s. subsidiari of henkel kgaa, dusseldorf, west germany.minnetonka introduc the check-up line with much fanfar in 1984; it was the first toothpast introduc in the u.s. with a pump. 
 amdahl, a mainfram maker, yesterday report that fourth-quart net incom doubl on a 31% revenu rise.amdahl expect it 1987 revenu to grow more than 15% -- compar with littl or no growth for the overal mainfram market -- becaus of a new line of computers. 
 comput associ has grown rapid by focus on a part of the softwar market call system utilities, which let data process center manag their oper more efficiently.it has also made a seri of acquisit to broaden it line of busi software, ad such product as a spreadsheet and a word processor. 
 anyway, "the standard now exist independ of ibm," suggest rod canion, compaq president.a these compani see it, the ibm pc line of comput is by now so entrench and so much softwar has been written for it, that even if ibm were to stop make comput tomorrow other would pick up the ibm standard. 
 kirk roden, sale manag at the microag store in berkeley, calif., say industri rumor have ibm alter the keyboard, the graphic and perhap the basic oper of the 386 chip, which might requir a differ oper system.ibm might make these proprietari featur hard to duplicate, if onli becaus it has taken a beat from low-pric clone that copi it pc line. 
 the compani new line of high-fiber, low-cholesterol muffins, which were introduc last summer, "look good," said mr. bryan.th muffin are among sever line of new product the compani is test that fit it expans into product that are "conveni and perceiv as be good for you," mr. bryan said.for example, sara lee plan to offer a new line of french bread this spring or summer, he said. 
 but the new line of health-consci product don't mean that sara lee will abandon it sugari cake and rolls; the sweeter product are sell well too, he added.unit volum of sara lee meat lines, includ it jimmi dean sausag and biscuit products, rose 6% in the quarter, "on the low side of the increas we'v been running," said mr. bryan. 
 wang laboratori inc. introduc three minicomput to fill a gap in the middl of it comput line. 
 drew peck, analyst for gartner securities, predict intel will earn $58 million, or 50 cent a share, for the year, on revenu of $1.5 billion.mr. peck said intel should begin see benefit from cost cut made last year, and he expect a strong show from the microprocessor lines. 
 all american budget gourmet brand has within three year captur 13.5% of the $3 billion frozen single-dish market.and it has grab 6.6% of the $1 billion frozen dinner market with a line launch onli last january. 
 the result, he says: "fair easi pickings."budget gourmet has found a nich between campbel expens le menu line and it cheaper but lower-qu swanson tv dinners.new product facil help keep cost down, and all american goe anoth step by skip le menu plastic plate or the boil-in bag use by nestl stouffer line. 
 term weren't disclosed.maytag, which make kitchen applianc and laundri products, said it sold toastmaster, which make small appliances, to focus on it core lines. 
 in troy, mich., a k mart corp. spokesman said toy "r" us cut may affect the no. 2 retailer."you'r certain not go to sit there with higher-pr items," he said of k mart, a major competitor of toy "r" us in toy lines. 
 yet rival amdahl and nation semiconductor are expect to boost shipment of ibm-compat mainfram to a combin 500 machin from onli 100 last year, cut into ibm sale of the multimillion-dollar systems.and ibm new and much-ballyhoo line of midrang systems, where it has been hurt most, won't be ship in big quantiti until the second half. 
 tommi thompson, wisconsin newli elect republican governor, said yesterday that chrysler also would invest an amount that he didn't disclose, if amc begin it renov plan.an amc spokesman said that the auto maker need help from wisconsin to financ the ventur in larg part becaus it has been bear signific cost to get under way product this year of a new line of renault-designed, midsiz car at a new plant in bramalea, ontario. 
 he said he "cautious optimistic" about get legisl approv for the financing.h said jan. 25 is the deadlin for such approv and for amc to convinc state offici that the compani can develop the new jeep line. 
 cooper, a maker of tool and compress and drill equipment, declin to disclos the valu of the transaction.coop said the purchas of sutorbilt corp. and duroflow corp. will complement it line of blowers, air compressor and pumps. 
 what those fan have been watch is the latest video made by a profession sport team: the brown "master of the gridiron."although the team loss to the denver bronco sunday has alreadi hurt sale of the 17-minut film, the video has earn a reput as the strangest product in a line of video that began last year with the chicago bear "super bowl shuffle." 
 new york telephon and it ad agency, young & rubicam inc., have gone the furthest in pitch "brands" of calls.th phone compani say that the ad creator even borrow idea from greet card to compil it extens brand line. 
 bayli corp. said it sign a licens agreement to make and market cheroke group line of men and boy apparel. 
 bayli corp. said it sign a licens agreement to make and market cheroke group line of men and boy apparel.jam argyropoulos, chairman and chief execut offic of north hollywood, calif.-bas cherokee, said bayli will pay his compani a 5% royalti on net sale of the line. 
 more recently, sever other lead tire produc also have narrow their activities.a a result of a takeov effort by sir jame goldsmith, the anglo-french financier, industri leader goodyear tire & rubber co. is sell aerospace, wheel manufacturing, real estat and energi lines. 
 among it firsts: low-fat milk, introduc in britain in 1981.sainsburi isn't alone; retail mark & spencer plc st. michael brand may be britain most popular label, adorn food, clothing, bed and a new line of classic recordings. 
 whittak corp. said it complet the sale of it health mainten organ line to travel corp. for a total of $48 million. 
 west point-pepperel said cluett, peabodi & co., an apparel concern acquir in januari 1986, contribut $193 million to sale and $2.9 million to net income.cluett contribut came primarili from it shirt and hosieri group, while perform in other line -- includ tailor cloth and children wear -- was less robust reflect softer retail demand. 
 as with other type of liabil insurance, an extend price war among writer of coverag for director and offic help to make the busi unprofit over the past few years.and even more than in other lines, claim balloon far beyond expectations. 
 also, the compani will launch a number of major new product or push exist product into new markets, he said.th stouffer food unit recent introduc a line of frozen complet dinner under the name dinner supreme.previously, stouffer food offer mani entrees, includ the lean cuisin low-calori line, but didn't have complet dinners. 
 the divis is plan to add fender extens and make other style chang on the 1988 model of the eldorado; the chang are intend to make the car look less like relat buick and oldsmobil models.yesterday action will give gm "more distinct between car lines," mr. hoglund said. 
 a closer look at luken illustr differ as well as similar with big steel.a medium-s specialti steelmaker, luken has carv out a modest profit nich churn out an expans line of a singl product-steel plate -- in addit to some product for the electr equip and construct markets. 
 mr. smith said that "deliv high qualiti products" eventu would prove to wall street and the public that "what we did was right."at his news conference, mr. smith also was pepper with question from local report about whether the wisconsin invest board stanc regard the perot affair would affect whether gm commit to produc a new line of pickup truck at the compani janesville, wis., facility. 
 those stakes, ibm said yesterday, have been sold back to the compani shareholders; ibm wouldn't elaborate.ibm said it form the instrument unit in 1980 as a way to sell comput to analyt laboratories, but later found comput sale fare well without have to sell the instrument line. 
 these smaller retail are adept at exploit the new consum nich becaus they offer depth in a narrow rang of products, such as toy or appliances.mani general merchandis -- mobil corp. montgomeri ward & co. and j.c. penney co., for exampl -- have respond by drop some product to concentr on fewer lines. 
 the amount wasn't disclosed.augat disclos it recent purchas the complet modular connector line of compagni teletechniqu modern s.a. of paris. 
 in the first nine month of 1986, the divis had oper profit of $43.3 million on sale of $522 million.much of that improv profit pictur was becaus of the compani success with it dekuyp schnapp line. 
 ncr corp. plan to unveil today a line of comput system for retail that incorpor recent advanc in design intend to prevent system failures. 
 great atlant & pacif tea co. 300 super fresh food markets, which trim wage but gave worker some say in run store and bonus when sale revenu increase, are "the most success part of our company," say a&p vice presid michael rourke.a&p recent convert store to the super fresh line in minnesota, maryland, virginia and washington, d.c. 
 trico said that upon sign of a definit agreement, it will withdraw the "poison pill" sharehold right plan it adopt last month.a paccar spokesman said the compani think trico oper will make "a good fit" with the compani current lines. 
 valtek, base in springville, utah, manufactur automat control valv and valv actuat for the chemic process industry.thes product complement duriron line of valves, pump and filtrat equipment. 
 esquir magazin group remain unit, the press and video division, was acquir by a group of shareholders, includ it management.th divis publish book and produc a line of how-to videocassettes. 
 a few will be wild success -- but far more will fail."commerci toy compani might introduc a total of about 40 line a year," say henri orenstein, the owner of toy builders, which develop toy idea and advis toy makers. 
 "at least 25% of the rest will be flops."cryst starr is the central charact in a line of doll call "moondreamers," which hasbro has spent two year developing. 
 the illustr suggest a cast of charact call "moon beamers," who live in "starri up" and send dream full of fun and adventur to children on earth.a line of mini-dol charact is hard unique.kenn parker toy strawberri shortcak and similar line sold by rival toy compani have been around for sever years. 
 the toy maker also decid to aim the doll at littl girls; thus, all but one of the origin stori male charact were chang to females."you don't sell (a line of) littl boy to girls," explain roseann radosevich, design director for doll at hasbro. (but bucki buckaroo, a space cowboy, remain male to add an element of romance.) 
 from start to finish, the costum took eight month to complet in bulk.finally, confid it had a winner after near a year of development, hasbro gave a sneak preview of the five-dol line to four top toy retail in septemb 1985. 
 encouraged, hasbro market and design went back to the draw board.they enlarg the line to nine doll to give it more variety. 
 about 59,200 fewer share were outstand in fiscal 1986.the 1986 result reflect signific declin in sale of wood finish and mainten and marin coatings, but a "strong performance" by the coat line valspar acquir from mobil corp. in 1984, mr. wurtel said. 
 beatric cos. purchas ozarka in texas, arrowhead in california and great bear in the northeast and now is the nation largest bottl water company.and mckesson corp., the nation second-largest water bottler, is consid ad a sparkl water to it still water lines. 
 tonka corp. said hasbro inc. has drop it suit challeng tonka new supernatur holograph toys.a previous reported, pawtucket, r.i.-bas hasbro, a toy and game maker, and new york-bas abrams/gentil entertain inc., accus tonka of misappropri inform about a "secret" concept for a toy line. 
 for example, although hasbro, the biggest toy maker, also market board game and other "gender-neutral" items, it organ it biggest seller strict along sex-rol lines.it wholesal catalog featur a girl toy line that includ real babi and get in shape, girl! exercis kits.th boy toy line includ transform and inhumanoid -- small, hard-plast charact that in a dollhous might be consid doll but in an imaginari war zone are known as "action figures." 
 moreover, the fed said that even if such commerci paper activ were cover by the glass-steagal act, bank wouldn't be consid to be violat the law, which prohibit them from be "engag principally" in underwrit securities, so long as they follow certain guidelines.th guidelines, spell out in the fed decision, are design to ensur that the secur activ are "on an insubstanti line of activity." 
 creativ black book publish a directori of creativ servic use primarili by art director in advertis agenc and by televis producers.macmillan, which is involv in educ publish and inform services, said it purchas the directori to extend "the line of inform product target to the advertis industry." 
 a seagram spokesman said, "we don't comment on rumors."th compani is said to be interest in sell certain of it domest brands, which includ taylor california cellars, taylor wine co. of new york, paul masson, gold seal vineyards, the monterey vineyard line and sterl vineyards. 
 caesar world inc. is bet it has a nose for upscal fragrances.th hotel and casino oper said it merchandis subsidiari has retain roth/horn & associates, a bever hills, calif., concern that design and market the success giorgio perfum line, to develop a new line of men and women fragrances. 
 mr. sobel said these products, to appear on the market in the next eight months, will initi be sold at retail shop at the compani seven resorts, and then by direct mail.caesar said it hope eventu to have a complet line of toiletries, includ soaps, shampoo and other products. 
 not all manufactur are reli on product improv to strengthen their positions.park manufactur corp., for one, is ad a flashier, "high-fashion" look to it tradit line of conserv style costum jewelry. 
 rubbermaid inc. said it agre with analyst project that it will earn 95 cent a share to 96 cent a share in 1986, compar with 79 cent a share last year.last year, the maker of household and commerci products, toy and other line earn $57.1 million on sale of $671.4 million. 
 he said that analyst project that the compani was purchas for $30 million are "in the ballpark."however, he say he expect 30% of sale each year will come from new product -- defin as product develop intern that weren't part of rubbermaid line five year earlier, and not includ line extensions, which mere modifi style or design. 
 among the new product rubbermaid is introduc are modular home offic products, just now be shipped, and mold outdoor furniture, under the new brand name sundial, which will be introduc in earli 1987.mr. gault said order for both line are "veri encouraging." 
 mr. gault said order for both line are "veri encouraging."rubbermaid is in the process of expand it intern busi beyond the housewar line that now make up the bulk of it and it is move into new territories. 
 "the onli way to go is up."recently, lister butler design a paper bag decor with an "aristocratic" ribbon and gold coat of arm to launch a line of delux candi from nestle. 
 "the premium segment belong more to pepperidg farm."awar of such pitfalls, market are close monitor consum reaction to expens line extensions. 
 in year end june 30, lear earn $55.5 million, or $3.02 a share, compar with $100.7 million, or $5.51 a share, the year earlier.sal rose to $2.46 billion from $2.37 billion, but the compani aerospac busi and it piper aircraft business-plan line perform poorly. 
 the unit prosper last year from the now-past fad for safari cloth and accessories.oth wonder whether gap, which enjoy a startl turnaround two year ago after hire market expert millard s. drexler, may have made a misstep when it recent move away from some of the line that brought it out of obscurity. 
 the complaint alleg that guin forc renfield to be acquir by mr. riklis, who control schenley.th suit say guin did this to pay mr. rik back for his purport assist dure guin 1986 takeov of distil co. accord to the suit, mr. rik was abl to buy renfield "at a price far less than it fair market value" becaus guin alleg had alreadi promis to switch the u.s. distributorship of it gordon gin and vodka line to schenley from renfield. 
 the drug also is be test for it possibl benefit in treat gum disease.upjohn is also test a new line of drug call lazaroids, which in anim test appear to slow deterior of tissu surround a traumat wound. 
 mr. max, who onc design costum for the soviet union kirov ballet, attend design school in new york and work for tahari ltd., a new york designer, befor move to los angeles.hi lines, which includ short skirt and dress and jacket ensembl in soft knits, are now in mani major depart stores. 
 a similar stori is be play out in san francisco.four year ago, david weinstein, now 39, launch a line of simple, loose-fitting, casual cotton cloth call cp shades.th line is now in 30 depart store across the country, and wholesal revenu was $40 million in 1986. 
 mr. weinstein got his start in the apparel busi 15 year ago by open a store call fresh pants, also in san francisco.h sold dy t-shirts, sweat shirt and painter pants, but problem with qualiti eventu convinc him that he should design and manufactur his own line of clothing. 
 some compani say their sale might be higher if they were in new york.san francisco-born eletra casadei, 34, design even dresses, sportswear and a line of parti gown call td4 ("to die for"), which are inspir by rock videos. 
 but gap apparel hasn't been sell to the older crowd as well as it has in the past.and in deemphas it teen-ag customers, gap didn't promot it back-to-school line as heavili as it usual has, hurt august sales. 
 i imagin a tough decis like this from the itc will remind them of the sensit of this issu in the u.s."th import ban cover samsung line of dynam random access memori chips, known as drams, as well as computers, facsimil machin and certain telecommun equip and printer if they contain chip that infring texa instrument patents. 
 a feder judge, bare mask his mirth, dismiss a copyright-infring and unjust-enrich suit brought by two toy-anim design against hasbro inc. and walt disney co.th suit, file by joann bloom and rene scelia, alleg that the "wuzzles" toy line introduc by hasbro and disney in 1985 infring on their charact call "whats." 
 consid dean knockoff of the popsicl produc by gold bond ice cream co. of green bay, wis.when other compani brought out a private-label popsicl line, supermarket ask dean for anoth version. 
 ohio art co. said it will stop distribut britain petit ltd. line of typewriters, sew machines, cash regist and other toys, effect jan. 1. 
 last year, petit toy repres about 9% of ohio art $47.4 million in sales.th bryan, ohio, maker of toy and the etch a sketch draw devic said petite, a unit kingdom toy maker, plan to handl the distribut and market of it own line, begin next year. 
 brockway had previous been the no. 2 producer.owens-illinoi had been diversifi in recent year but, face with a threat to it major line, it becam determin to expand in glass containers, sourc said. 
 ford motor co. announc tentat base-pric increases, mani of them in the 4%-to-6% range, on the 1988 model it current ship to dealers.th price increas cover near 70% of the compani car lines, and a spokesman said the auto maker will announc price on the remain product in the next few months. 
 chemic has a major acquisit pend of horizon bancorp., new jersey fifth-largest bank hold company.bi decid to sell it cleveland-bas chemic financi servic corp. unit, chemic is signal it desir to have a full-servic retail bank presenc in the region where it doe business, not mere one line of service, analyst said. 
 in 1987, it expect to sell 750,000 vehicl here compar with 550,000 in japan.honda is forecast that about 100,000 of those u.s. sale will be from it acura division, up from 52,869 in 1986 when it introduc the luxuri line. 
 the u.s. unit of soni corp. of japan introduc a line of portabl audio product design for children. 
 the compani sold 184,378 car in the u.s. in the first eight month of this year.hyundai introduc it line, all version of a subcompact call the excel, in the u.s. in februari 1986. 
 a strike in canada could hamper product becaus the compani u.s. plant depend on part and assembl work done at canadian facilities.chrysl has schedul overtim at it st. loui no. 2 plant, which build the compani popular minivan models, and at it kenosha no. 1 plant in wisconsin, which build the dodg diplomat, plymouth gran furi and the luxuri fifth avenu lines. 
 houdaill made machin tools, larg order by manufactur late in the year.but like mani other big board-list concerns, houdaill eventu diversifi it lines. 
 "we begin to get order each year in the spring," assert a rauch official.profession trader move in to buy the share in february, if they hear good report of the new christma line display at trade shows. 
 they includ sever type of missiles, and, not coincidentally, japan now is focus it defens research on develop it own missil -- potenti competitor to the u.s.-mad stinger, sidewind and harpoon.u.s. trade offici say japan has gone a step further, use technolog bought in connect with u.s. arm purchas to broaden it line of commerci aircraft. 
 it main defens product are radar and heat-seek missil decoy and communic system for anti-submarin warfare.it commerci line includ electron microscop and fuse for industri and electron products. 
 togeth they provid the function of ibm new ps/2 model 30, mr. campbel said.mr. campbel expect that chip & technolog will come out with chip set mimick the capabl of other, higher-perform model in ibm ps/2 line "bi the end of the year." 
 the first machin is design for multipl simultan user via separ termin in an offic network, the second for use by a few scientist or engineers.th new microvax model are like to provid strong competit for ibm 9370 line introduc last year -- and intern identifi as the "vax-killer." 
 kenneth olsen, presid of digital, play down the ibm challeng saying, "we never thought they need an answer."however, other digit execut said the new product work as fast as a midrang 9370 but are price below the bottom of the ibm line. 
 it lost near $50 million over the past four years, and it market valu was decimated.in january, as activis struggl to rebound with a new line of pc software, mr. levi left his post as chairman amid a fall out with the compani board. 
 the price of workstat introduc by digit equip yesterday wasn't as aggress as some analyst had anticipated, mean less competit for apollo and sun products.digit new microvax is seen as a challeng to intern busi machin 9370 line. 
 tokheim sank 3 1/8 to 27 after the compani said earn for it third quarter, end aug. 31, were probabl below analyst project of between $2.6 million and $3.3 million, or 40 cent to 50 cent a share.offici cite slower-than-expect accept of a new line of it fuel dispensers, note that august sale and earn were particular below expectations. 
 mr. ostrand "has complet knowledg of ari confidenti plan for develop the market for the comfort slipper," as well as "those supplier ari has discov to be the most effici and reliable," the compani contend in it suit.ari also contend that r.g. barri recent introduc a line of foot soother slipper that are "a direct copy" of it comfort slipper. 
 the compani most infam recal also was fire related: the 1978 recal of 1.7 million ford pinto and mercuri bobcat was to repair a defect that caus fire when gas tank ruptur in rear-end collisions.th fuel-lin recal affect some of ford biggest-sel lines: the ford taurus and mercuri sabl midsiz cars, the compact ford escort, the ford f-seri and ranger pickup trucks, and the lincoln continent and town car. 
 claud p. mancel, former on a special assign at the technic center, was name manager, research and development, at the center, succeed mr. booth.thoma a. moore, former general manag of the vidal sassoon hair-product line, was name manager, health and person care product division, succeed mr. lieppe.karen l. hendricks, former associ director, product development, health and person care product division, was name general manag of the vidal sassoon line. 
 in the 1986 fourth quarter, du pont canada, 73%-own by du pont co. of wilmington, del., earn 28.2 million dollars, or 88 cent a share, after a 13.8 million-dollar gain from the sale of a business.du pont and it canadian unit have agre to sell the explos line to cic canadian invest capit ltd., a toronto financi invest and hold company. 
 today, two west german publish want to re-creat baedek past glories.volkmar mair, owner of a stuttgart publish house, and florian langenscheidt, scion of a munich publish empire, recent agre to merg their various right to the baedek name in hope of engin a major comeback for the vener guidebook line. 
 guid in italian and hebrew are on the way.in the u.s., distributor simon & schuster inc. say baedek is it second bestsel line after arthur frommer guidebooks. 
 the invest group was led by leach mcmick & co., a san francisco invest bank firm.th sale is part of alli continu program to concentr on it aerospace, automot product and engin materi lines, a spokesman said. 
 some dealer and market analyst fear the boom may wane becaus current owner are start to have families, and thus are look for bigger vehicles.both gm and ford motor co., which make the bronco line, will address that problem by introduc four-door compact by 1991. 
 mannesmann said group profit also declin in the half, but it didn't provid figures.th compani cite sluggish demand for capit good in west germany, continu loss in it steelpip line and deterior condit at it big brazilian unit. 
 while the compani so domin the field that it routin can pick and choos from the best comput engin and technicians, mr. chen exit will sting.cray bestsel x-mp line was primarili a chen product. 
 he appar "pull an esmark" again.som of mr. kelli doubters, includ a few beatric executives, worri that he would be forc to part first with the compani crown jewels, it domest food lines, at fire-sal price to meet borrow agreements. 
 american home product corp., seek to shore up it contraceptive-product line in the face of generic competition, agre to acquir vli corp. for $7 a share, or about $86 million. 
 woolworth has sever specialti footwear unit includ the foot locker, ladi foot locker, and the athlet shoe factory.mr. bryant said client have also ask him whether some apparel compani might have korea-rel problem because, for example, they might have arrang to produc an entir line in that country. 
 rick anguilla, editor of toy and hobbi world, said korean contractor make mani of the "plush" categori of toys, such as stuf animals.toy compani with big "plush" line includ hasbro, russ berrie, coleco, viewmast ideal group and tonka.coleco has a hot toy base on the "alf" tv show, viewmast has a new line of "michael jackson pets," and tonka sell "pound puppies," mr. anguilla noted. 
 those two account for "a fair minor percentage" of sale and, in ani case, are "run full steam, no problems," the spokesman added.limit inc., a high-growth specialti retail known for design and subcontract it own apparel lines, has been tri to boost the number of it u.s. contractor in respons to the fall dollar and rise import restrictions. 
 american home plan to buy vli, a maker of contracept products, in an attempt to bolster it line in the face of generic competition. 
 but it'll let them establish beachhead in some dec and ibm accounts."th unisi sourc said the machines, to be call the a1, the a4 and the a6, will be market against the model 20, 40 and 60 respect of ibm new 9370 line, join the competit for small-busi account and for sale to depart in larg companies. 
 but digit also has come up with techniqu of it own.decworld came about becaus of concern that salespeopl didn't know how extens the compani comput line was. 
 accord to those familiar with the 6386 machine, it will be abl to run applic program that use the unix oper system, develop by at&t, concurr with softwar run on ms-dos, the microsoft corp. oper system popular by intern busi machin corp.th new system will also run softwar base on the new os/2 oper standard for ibm new line of person computers. 
 accordingly, unilev recent paid $3.1 billion for chesebrough-pond inc. -- the largest acquisit in it histori -- in hope that a home-grown american compani would help restor it stand in the u.s. personal-product business.chesebrough-pond doubl the size of unilev u.s. personal-product line to $700 million in annual sales. 
 unilev is still someth of a trendsett in europe.for european who are switch from perfum to deodorant, unilev develop a new line of strong-smel "deo-cologne" sprays. 
 in addit to stroke customers, digit is expect to introduc sever new, low-end product that are three time more power than their predecessor but won't cost digit ani more to build.and it will reinforc it messag that it line of vax comput all run the same softwar and can easili communic as a result. 
 earli this year, analyst fear that intern busi machin increas competit could blunt digit success.ibm introduc it 9370 line of computers, which was intern dub "the vax killer," and it start promis improv comput communic and low price department comput -- the same attribut that digit boasts. 
 moreover, digit has continu to sell equip in financi and insur market that were tradit ibm bailiwick.mr. schulman say product introduc at decworld will give digit an opportun to counterattack against the 9370 line. 
 proceed to the compani will be use for payment of bank debt, work capital, plant and equip expenditur and other general purposes.bas in conshohocken, pa., the compani make and servic a line of medic ultrasound equipment. 
 mr. gidwitz estim sale for the quarter, end may 31, rose 15% from $86.8 million a year earlier.h ad that cost involv in promot the new helen curti salon select line are like to caus a second-quart loss. 
 sourc put the price at $125 million to $150 million.at the same time, revlon agre to sell bain de soleil, one of the acquir lines, to cincinnati-bas procter & gambl co. richardson-vick subsidiary. 
 the compani involv declin to disclos price on the transactions, which have been rumor for some time.revlon purchas includ the charl of the ritz and alexandra de markoff cosmet lines, sold in depart stores; mass-market line as such as jean nate and enjoli, and dynasti fragrances. 
 revlon purchas includ the charl of the ritz and alexandra de markoff cosmet lines, sold in depart stores; mass-market line as such as jean nate and enjoli, and dynasti fragrances.revlon vice chairman howard gitti said bain de soleil, a sun-car line, would be sold becaus "we are develop our own sun-car lines, begin with ultima ii. 
 schering-plough corp. copperton has about 30% of the market while bain de soleil has about 15%.other richardson-vick line includ the vick brands, sinex and oil of olay. 
 he veri persistent."mr. perelman has argu that combin revlon cosmet product with gillett personal-car and razor line would creat one of the world most formid consumer-product companies. 
 they hope the new offer will help lure busi peopl with more than mundan tast in food back to the supermarket."thi is for consum who are too tire to cook and too tire to go out -- or who have no time for either -- but still want a nice dinner," say richard g. powers, the busi unit manag of general food premium culinova line. 
 he figur that a sara lee refriger dinner for two, includ a side dish and dessert, would run about $14.and sara lee line is among the least expensive. 
 for manufacturers, the biggest challeng is cope with the short shelf life of refriger products."no nation food processor yet has introduc a success line of new refriger entre and a lot of money has been spent," say john luther, a market corpor of america official.last month, in fact, campbel soup withdrew it fresh chef line of refriger soups, sauc and salad from nation distribution. 
 anoth is what he term a "sell-out strategy," make sure product are sold by a certain date through coupon and other inducements.(us the lesson learn from fresh chef and an earlier group of refriger entre that never emerg from test market, campbel say it now is test a new line of refriger entre and side dishes). 
 to prolong shelf life of their products, some manufactur have resort to novel strategies.sara lee emmber brand is roll out a complet refriger line call tonight choice. 
 so, manhattan toy, with $5 million in annual sales, has su the $1 billion gerber product co., alleg gerber has infring manhattan toy copyrights.aft his compani began sell it dinosaur in 1984 through retail such as neiman marcus, bloomingdal and f.a.o. schwarz, mr. goldwyn says, gerber launch a line of inexpens imitations. 
 last month, the close held american natur beverag corp. of new york got anheuser-busch cos. of st. loui to chang the logo on it zeltzer seltzer soft drink, which american natur claim was "confus similar" to packag for it soho natur soda.and last november, blue mountain art inc. of boulder, colo., won an injunct bar hallmark card inc. of kansa city, mo., from distribut a line of greet card blue mountain alleg were copi from it designs. 
 as a result, mr. jager says, "a small busi can look at a situat and say, not onli is the climat more favor for me to take on a big infringer, but the chanc for a higher return are greater than they use to be.'"in it suit, manhattan toy doesn't ask for specif damages, onli an amount equal to the profit gerber has made on it dinosaur line. 
 at beecham, he had been respons for market such consum brand as aqua-fresh toothpaste, sucret throat lozeng and calgon bath products.quak state, maker of the nation best-sel motor oil, turn to mr. snell in an effort to coordin market of an unwieldi 6,000 product cut across 12 compani lines. 
 neither compani would confirm or deni mount specul that revlon, the close held cosmet giant, would pay $150 million or more in the transaction.it is understood that the purchas may includ the charl of the ritz and alexandra de markoff brands, consid prestig cosmet lines, as well as mass-market line such as bain de soleil, jean nate, enjoli and the dynasti fragrances. 
 sinc mr. perelman acquir control of revlon in novemb 1985, he has shed most of the compani health care divis while seek to bolster the beauti business.last decemb he purchas max factor inc., which includ the halston and almay lines, for $345 million. 
 earlier this year he bought the u.s. busi of germain monteil cosmetiqu corp. for about $10 million from beecham group plc, the london-bas pharmaceut concern.lin includ dian von furstenberg fragranc and lancast skincar products. 
 in the year-earli quarter, the maker of personal-groom product earn $1.1 million, or 18 cent a share, on sale of $30.9 million.th compani said the earn declin result chiefli from lower-than-expect volum for it consum product divis new textra line of care products. 
 sinc be taken privat in april 1986 in a $6.2 billion leverag buyout, beatric has rapid reduc it debt by sell various units.last month, it said it plan an initi public offer for it remain non-food busi and some of it smaller specialty-food lines. 
 kid stuff: retail expand to cash in on demograph trends.gymbore corp., a $10 million-a-year busi built on tot exercis classes, launch a chain of store with it own line of cloth and toys; 15 store are to be open by year end.conran's, new york, expand it children furnitur lines, while carter hawley hale broadway chain upgrad it offer to includ babi dior, esprit and guess clothes. 
 the factori of the futur turn out a new line of midsiz car for general motor corp. this fall won't be so futurist after all. 
 in addition, the fiscal stimulus from the reagan presid record budget deficit has forc the fed to maintain a firmer polici than it might otherwis have done.meanwhile, increas foreign competition, domest deregulation, and the wave of merger and consolid sweep corpor america have push compani to lay off workers, shed unprofit lines, adopt closer relationship with supplier and tighten control over inventories. 
 fra program manag the data base of a museum members, donors, and prospect donors, as well as generat standard paperwork such as membership-renew remind and year-end report for donor for tax purposes.th american feder of the arts, an associ of art museums, has been work with a softwar consultant, the williamson group, for sever year and offer a line of softwar design especi for art museums. 
 today wardrob for mani men is tripl layered: suit for work, activewear for sport and trendi sport coats, shirt and slack for entertaining.and it the two leisur line that have surg sales. 
 despit the strength of sportswear in the $27 billion menswear market, manufactur and retail see consider room for growth.design such as ralph lauren, calvin klein and liz claiborne, who introduc a new sportswear line for men two year ago, are avid seek the new male customer. 
 design and retailers, of course, still count on women, who long have purchas at least half of all men clothing.liz claiborne, calvin klein and other are bet that femal customers, loyal to their womenswear lines, will also buy their new menswear line for husband and others. 
 for the current fiscal year, mr. o'reilli said analyst estim net of $2.85 a share "seem reasonable."th execut said the fiscal 1987 market budget of about $383 million will be increas by about 15% in fiscal 1988, with most of the spend to be on such line as weight watchers, chico-san rice cakes, yogurt and near east food -- a maker of flavor rice products. 
 they'r packag it as the don kelli portfolio instead of as an ongo company."e-ii will includ the non-food busi bci hasn't alreadi sold plus some smaller specialty-food lines. 
 montgomeri ward & co. 2.5% rise in same-stor sale was the slowest growth rate for the mobil corp. unit sinc fall.sal were hurt by the chain recent move out of the hardwar and the lawn and garden lines, which typic are big seller in may. 
 digit equip corp. and cray research inc., as expected, said they will joint market and develop product to link their line of computers. 
 the compani has said it intend to emphas it fragranc business.it has cut price on some cosmet line 50% and may sell the lines. 
 nevertheless, the compani call the five busi to be sold "sound businesses" that are experienc an earn improv "with the upturn in the electron market."th announc follow a major restructur program trw began in late 1985 that involv sell busi -- main aircraft part and industri product -- with annual sale of about $800 million, prune back remain line to their most profit product and a general cost-reduct effort. 
 still, troubl continu to be more common than triumph for compani test video catalog -- even when the video itself is well done.murjani intern ltd. test a video catalog last year for it coca-cola cloth line. 
 glenview, ill.-bas kraft long has want to expand in frozen foods, the fastest-grow packaged-food area right now.th compani tri a line of frozen-chees dinner that it quiet fold last year. 
 besid the all american gourmet acquisition, kraft is tri again internally.it current is test a line of frozen entre that includ lasagna and sever meat dishes. 
 the acquisit would be kraft fourth in the frozen-food busi in the past three years.and last week it agre to acquir sever of chicago-bas quaker oat co. food line for $235 million. 
 he also said the compani is consid action to reduc interest and dividend expens start in the second half.mattel has said that substanti lower domest demand start last year for it master of the univers and rainbow brite line of toy are among the main factor troubl the company. 
 in mr. welch view, consum electron main job is to give ge greater buy clout for it other busi in the pacif rim by ad to the volum of compon purchas there.despit the fact that mr. welch regard consum electron as someth of an albatross, secur analyst say that even if ge eventu exit tv-set manufacturing, it will continu to market consum electron becaus of the valuabl ge brand recognit that benefit more profit consum lines, such as light bulb and major appliances. 
 he has primarili focus the busi on the side of the softwar market call system utilities, which allow data-process center to manag their oper more efficiently.comput associ also has broaden it line of busi software, which now includ spreadsheet and word-processor programs. 
 mattel will introduc captain power in septemb in 86 u.s. televis market and 17 foreign countries.th spokesman said mattel is be "veri cautious" about not repeat mistak it made sever year ago when it intellivis game machin line and other electron product encount an extrem competit environ and creat huge loss for the company. 
 "that experi is memorable," the spokesman said, ad that the new line are less involv with educ electron and more toy and game related.thoma r. kully, a secur analyst with the chicago firm of william blair & co., said he didn't believ mattel would make the same error made with the now-discontinu intellivis line. 
 the xerox copier, for example, is now part of an integr office-inform system that process document from creation to transmission, includ storag and retriev as well as reproduction.no compani can cover the complet line competit without help from other companies. 
 the jury, in feder court in illinois, award the damag to georgia roulo, a former licensor of the toy, trinket and greet card firm.ms. roulo su russ berri in 1982, contend that the compani line of "touch you" greet card infring on the "feel sensitive" card she design for russ berri to sell from 1978 through 1980. 
 in do so, yves saint laurent regain control of the perfum that bear it name.revillon, the fur-coat maker in the cora group, took over karl lagerfeld kl label to launch an up-market ready-to-wear line of women clothing. 
 just this month, the famili that run martel & cie. agre to sell control of the cognac compani to seagram co. of canada.although industri analyst say a recess would hurt lesser-known brand and expens item such as cars, fur and jewelry, most french luxury-good compani don't expect demand for their most prestigi line to be affected. 
 "as long as i'm around," mr. schneider vows, "we won't go on the stock market."and mr. schneider also want to prevent the davidoff line of cigar from becom mass consum items. 
 susi peterson, an analyst with first boston corp., recent said that computervis was among the compani that prime might tri to acquire, though she thought other candid were more likely.prime, which had net incom of $46.9 million, or 97 cent a share, and revenu of $860.2 million last year, is among the smallest comput compani that make a broad line of comput systems. 
 tele-communications, a cabl televis concern, acquir heritag communic in august and immedi sold the broadcast properties.heritag also said in octob that it had retain first boston corp. to help shed the communications-product lines. 
 then some japanes chocol technician reverse-engin the m&m.lott k.k., a lead confectionari compani in japan, came out in april with a line of "new-typ chocolate" that look suspici like the mar product. 
 panason co. is a divis of it american subsidiary.along with make the kodak batteries, the new compani will make a separate, compet line of consum alkalin batteri to be market under the panason brand name. 
 the plant, which may be locat in the sunbelt, is expect to produc sever hundr million batteri a year begin in 1989.kodak enter the batteri market last year with two line of batteries: it alkalin supralif batteri made accord to kodak specif by matsushita in japan and it 9-volt lithium batteri made by kodak ultra technolog unit in newark, n.y. 
 wow said it will continu to develop new toys, and will unveil it 1988 product at the new york toy fair in february.th spokeswoman wouldn't discuss the plan products, but said wow plan to broaden it line by offer more lower-pr toys. 
 this year, grey work for revlon was larg limit to a singl televis advertis for flex, a hair care product.grey had been assign to work on an ad campaign for a new hair care line that revlon plan to introduc next year. 
 the move reflect american home longstand strategi of rapid growth.bi acquir robins, american home would add strong consum brand to it own healthi over-the-count line and beef up it proprietari drug research, which has been barren in recent years. 
 sale of the regal -- the first of the so-cal "gm-10" car -- more than doubl to 2,898 from a year earlier.that an earli indic of how well custom are receiv the new line of midsized, front-wheel-dr car that gm hope will help revers it market share decline. 
 altern card -- now the industri hottest seller and still grow -- repres between 17% and 22% of all card sold.th big three are make their gain in the altern card market larg at the expens of tini competitors, who were success earli on in offer such lines. 
 the altern card appeal larg to babi boomers; the compani say mani young adult enjoy send humor card to friend for no particular occas or holiday, but just to stay in touch.mani of the altern line also are gear toward women, who buy 90% of all cards.gibson, for example, offer a line call women writes. 
 of the major companies, hallmark generat the most controversi with it alternative-card entry.in the largest rollout of new card in the compani history, it brought out the "shoebox" line, aim main at women, and "person touch," a line of sentiment cards. 
 "we'r not ad a lot of mouth to feed," say paul shain, an analyst at dain bosworth inc.h say those battl for "share of stomach" includ salad bars, in-stor delicatessen and a buffet line of home-deliveri food services. 
 "the past few month have been a difficult period for the company," mr. kingsborough said."nonetheless, we are encourag by retail and consum reaction to both our continu line and to the new product we introduc for this christma season. 
 group execut are expect to identifi competitor that simon & schuster can acquir to broaden it market share.sinc april, for example, the compani bought two more document search firms, a line of train materi for comput softwar and a british profession publisher. 
 robin profit over-the-count brand would be the primari attract for ani acquirer.analyst estim that the consum line account for almost 50% of robin sale and possibl as much as 60% of profit. 
 the agreement is subject to regulatori and financ approvals.executone, base in norcross, ga., market and servic a line of busi telephon systems. 
 expert estim the purchas price at one billion markka ($248.5 million).th transact includ sel television-tub and loudspeak lines, the compani said. 
 chrysler acquisit last summer of american motor corp. also contribut to the chang in plan for jefferson avenue, a compani spokesman said.originally, chrysler plan to replac the current k-car line at jefferson with anoth model, and later shift the plant to light truck production, the spokesman said. 
 those are dictat by the compani buyers, who also adjust their plan as the season progresses.th day after thanksgiving, for instance, the buyer order an emerg markdown of 40% on a line of women sportswear. 
 pennwalt corp. said it acquir a line of fungicides, insecticid and herbicid and their relat manufactur and distribut facil from le raffineri de soufr reunies, marseille, france. 
 essex also plan to sell it baltimor phosgen chemic plant; the spokesman said the compani hasn't yet found a buyer.essex also said it plan to sell write off or write down certain ventur capit lines. 
 richard laster, dna presid and chief execut officer, attribut most of the 1987 loss to a decis this year by kraft inc., glenview, ill., to withdraw from a nation product launch.dna is negoti with two or three parti for a partnership to replac kraft for the market of it vegisnax line of special bred carrot and celery. 
 digit is like to promot it for compani that link mani comput user to a central database, one of the fastest grow applic for big computers.th announc of a more power mainfram comput in digit vax line, has been wide expected, but maynard, mass.-bas digit hadn't given ani detail until william demmer, a vice president, mention it last week at a user group meet in california. 
 the u.s. estim that the four airbus countri have pour $10 billion into the consortium sinc it was start 17 year ago.washington say they are plan to spend an addit $3.2 billion on two new aircraft line airbus plan to produce. 
 man and hoesch ad 2.50 each to 129 and 97.50, respectively.but kloeckner humboldt-deutz, reel from heavi loss in it agricultur machineri lines, fell 2 to 79. 
 in composit trade on the new york stock exchange, mattel close yesterday at $7.875 a share, up 25 cents.a mattel spokesman said the compani was concern about the lacklust u.s. sale of most product except the "barbie" doll line. 
 alfr h. hunt iii, presid of ifr system inc., a wichita, kan.-bas produc of test equip that is 84% own by regency, was name to fill mr. boon vacanc on the board.th compani said it intend to sell it consum product line so it can concentr on busi that provid the most potenti for "long-term growth and profitability." 
 the compani said it intend to sell it consum product line so it can concentr on busi that provid the most potenti for "long-term growth and profitability."reg said it will tri to sell it line of scanners, inform radio products, and marin radios, which togeth generat about 24% of the compani $75 million in sale for the fiscal year end june 30. 
 the compani will begin share model by late 1989 at the earliest but will sell car under separ identities.th ventur will make two car line develop by toyota and one by gm. troubl in australia prompt gm last year to restructur holden's. 
 australia minist for industry, john button, prais the gm-toyota announc as "a major step in make the australian motor industri intern competitive."attempt to revit it troubl auto industry, the australian govern three year ago said it want to cut by 1992 the number of car line made there to about six from 13, and the number of car manufactur to three from five. 
 for all of 1986, insilco earn $33.6 million, or $1.58 a share, on sale of $745.1 million.a spokesman said analysts, holder and the rate compani have been urg insilco to quit the hous lines, which employ about 600 people. 
 the compani had taken charg in 1985 and 1986 against the hous business, the spokesman said.insilco see limit and difficult growth prospect for the lines, he said, and would have had to put much more cash into it to keep it going. 
 the spokesman said that insilco continu to look at acquisit that complement it continu busi but that it has no plan for ani more divestitures.insilco said it plan to continu run the hous busi for exist custom but will treat the line as discontinu oper in financi reports. 
 the industry, suffer from a drought of new product for more than a year, is still grope for a major crowd-drawer.in a rush to imit the strong sellers, manufactur have clutter the major categori -- particular the "action toy" line that featur such item as g.i. joe, transform and silverhawks. 
 sale of video games, preschool toys, board game and basic toy have been brisk through most of the year, and mani of these are expect to continu sell well.som analysts, moreover, say share of a few compani offer basic lines, such as hasbro and tyco toys, may actual be buy for 1988. 
 tyco, one of the few toy maker due to post a profit this year, will increas earn to about $1.65 a share next year from $1.48 this year, mr. kulli predicts.tyco tradit has been strong in basic toy such as electr train and has done particular well with a line of radio-oper car this year. 
 what more, investor for the bass group, who rais their macmillan stake to 9% earlier this year, appear to show particular interest in publishing.but some of bell & howel line could be a difficult fit if the publish compani were combined. 
 the rate concern had place mca on it creditwatch list in octob after the compani author buy back as mani as 10 million of it common shares.s&p said that while mca theater and televis entertain busi remain strong and it record and book line have perform well, "financi risk has risen in recent years, suggest an increas emphasi by manag on sharehold values." 
 restaur and supermarket increas woo shopper with a wide array of refriger and hot, prepar dishes."consum realiz that takeout is no longer so expens relat to the premium frozen dinner market," say charl bowen, a group vice presid at general food corp., which has decid against expand it premium frozen line call fresh creation until it see where the market is going. 
 cater to this attitud has spell success for some budget-mind brands.most notably, all american gourmet co. budget gourmet line, which typic offer product cost less than $2, has seen it share of the entre market rise to 15% sinc it nation rollout in 1985. 
 the unit of swiss-bas nestl s.a. also has slash price on it newli restag dinner suprem brand and is offer 30% to 40% more cents-off coupon than last year on all it frozen dinner products.not to be outdone, campbel has withdrawn it upscal l'orient line of szechuan chines meal from the market entirely. 
 but "on a veri small segment of the popul was will to pay for that level of authenticity," acknowledg robert bernstock, campbel general manag of premium meals.campbel has also begun to upgrad it le menu line. 
 pepper steak marin in ($11 a gallon) rice wine import from japan.today, the most expens le menu carri a suggest retail price tag of $3.89 compar with $4.99 when the line was introduc in 1984. 
 wooden trains, price at $15 to $100, wooden construct sets, for $12 to $25, and wooden doll houses, for $95 to $250, all are hot item at john davy, a specialti toy store in alexandria, va.at compet granni place in alexandria, playmobil products, a line of plastic pre-school toy from west germani rang in price from $2.60 to over $100, "are walk out the door," say owner rodger wall. 
 the answer lie insid it sprawl assembl plant on the outskirt of munich.there, on the second floor, worker buzz about like honeybees, assembl some 1,500 engin a day for bmw 300 seri automobiles, it least expens line. 
 ken butterworth, chairman and chief execut officer, said the compani expect quarter sale to exceed $100 million compar with $81 million.mr. butterworth said the compani line are strong both in the u.s. and internationally. 
 competit for counter space at depart store is intense.neiman-marcus, the 22-store specialti retailer, say that it customarili drop a "half a dozen" slow-mov cosmet or fragranc line each year. 
 celesti seasonings, a boulder, colo., maker of 35 differ kind of specialti teas, was acquir by kraft, a glenview, ill., maker of food products, in 1984.kraft decid to sell celesti season in part of a broad review of core lines. 
 the teas, sold in high decor box with philosph quot print on them, have name like red zinger, morn thunder and mandarin orang spice.th compani had grown consider in the past three years, ad sever new tea lines, but the relaxed, inform atmospher has been maintained, the kraft spokeswoman said. 
 when less establish design have succumb to aids, their cloth have die with them.such bud talent as karl davis, who creat a line of classic women clothing, and mark pennywell, known for his origin wed gowns, didn't employ a staff of assist design who might have continu produc their styles. 
 mani would consid the braun studio in kronberg, west germany, to be the quintessenti purveyor of "eurodesign."but braun is a unit of gillett co., in boston, and the braun line contain sever item that were first design for gillett by mr. cousins, who has long been it consultant. 
 the possibl import are further evid of the increas buy power of the japanes yen, and part of an effort to expand isuzu product line, a gm spokesman said.gm own 42.4% of isuzu, which make three line of subcompact passeng cars. 
 sirjang lal tandon, chairman of tandon, said tandon decid to sell it winchest disk drive oper to "concentr all our resourc on our person comput and subsystem product lines."th compani comput and subsystem line are expect to account for about 85% of it revenu in the fourth quarter. 
 system industri said el segundo, calif.-bas imperi technolog has about 50 employe and had revenu of about $10 million in the fiscal year end june 30.imperi make a solid state disk memori devic that system industri call "a logic extension" of it data storag line. 
 sinc last friday, outboard stock has risen more than three points.genmar boat line includ hattera yachts, wellcraft power boat and larson and lund fish boats. 
 the premier is the first car for the jeep/eagl divis follow the purchas of amc last summer.jeep is a solid success franchis that appeal to the kind of buyer chrysler wants, but the eagl car line is a decid weak sister. 
 broadway jeep/eagl in denver, colo., for example, sell about 3,000 new jeep a year, but less than 300 cars."w don't realli have much of a car line anymore," lament steve segal, the dealership general manager. 
 indeed, jeep custom have long disdain the car offer by amc and regi national des usin renault, the french auto maker that own more than 40% of amc befor the chrysler purchase.now the eagl car line consist main of leftov renault model and the discontinu amc eagl four-wheel-dr car. 
 chrysler also decid not to go ahead with plan for a coup version, in part becaus the coupe, without a lot of work, wouldn't have met the standard chrysler has set for the division, compani offici said.chrysl also has sacrif some profit for more volum with premier $12,474 to $14,079 price range, which joseph e. cappy, group vice presid of jeep/eagl marketing, said is aim right at the heart of ford taurus line. 
 he doe his own write in one room and tend to black lizard busi in the other.th line has done so well that this year mr. elli sold off his print business, includ the presses, and becam a full-tim publisher. 
 the compani insist the chang wasn't relat to an 81% drop in third-quart profit, which fell to $1.5 million, or 14 cent a share, from $8 million, or $1.03 a share, a year earlier.th poor result were attribut to higher cotton price and cost associ with the introduct of a new line of stain-resist carpet. 
 sale rose 16% to $8.47 billion from $7.31 billion.american brand best-known line are it cigarett brands, includ pall mall, tareyton and lucki strike. 
 the compani also own such major liquor brand as jim beam, old grand-dad and old crow.oth line includ swinglin offic products, case cutlery, titleist and foot-joy golf item and master locks. 
 he was brought back as beatric chairman when it was acquir by kohlberg kravi robert & co. last year in a $6.2 billion leverag buy-out.in july, mr. kelli took beatric non-food busi and some of it smaller special food line public as e-ii hold inc. 
 it array of consum product is compat with e-ii lineup, which includ samsonit luggag and stiffel lamps.moreover, mani american brand lines, such as master lock and case cutlery, fit his strategi of buy mundan busi that are consid by analyst to be undervalu and undermanaged. 
 he more inclin to buy and sell compani than to run them for veri long.although analyst don't think he particular interest in cigarett or liquor lines, he familiar with the distribut and market aspect of such retail businesses; thus he might be adept at sell those off separately. 
 in the nine months, earn fell 49% to $41.4 million, or 71 cent a share, on a 1.9% drop in revenue, to $966.7 million, from a year earlier.thi year result reflect the general soft in the toy industry, as well as disappoint sale for hasbro from sever new product -- includ air raiders, battl beast and visionari in the boy action line; and jem in the girl doll category, mr. hassenfeld said. 
 sure noth so becom the black lizard line of fiction as it home. 
 vodavi technolog corp. said it sign a $40 million, four-year contract with ctg inc. to suppli an expand line of telephon system and other products. 
 medchem product inc. said it sign a letter of intent to purchas for $31 million a line of surgic product use in stop bleeding. 
 warnaco inc. said it is in the final stage of negoti with french fashion design emanuel ungaro for licens right to his line of intim apparel. 
 the cereal boxes, which includ red and green crunch berries, show cap'n crunch dress as santa claus.scott paper co. decid to roll out a line of red and green paper towel this year after the compani research found that 80% of consum would be apt to buy such a product. 
 mr. wilcox is director of design research center, a divis of herbst, lazar, roger & bell, a chicago design firm.in redesign a line of telephon memo book for averi intern aigner division, mr. wilcox peer over secretari shoulder and studi copi in filled-in form books. 
 gould was suspend from bid on govern job becaus of alleg improprieti in set prices.th move by the gsa come as gould is tri to sell it defens lines. 
 looart own current inc., a major market of greet card and stationeri base in colorado springs, colo., that has annual sale of more than $125 million, primerica said.th sale is part of primerica plan, announc in august, to sell all it mail-ord line in order to reduc debt on it $750 million purchas of smith barney inc. 
 lsi logic corp., a milpitas, calif.-bas semiconductor concern, said it enter into a long-term agreement with close held mip comput system to manufactur and market mip line of 32-bit microprocessors, includ reduced-instruction-set computing, or risc, chips. 
 "it great styling, price right, and it the best engin car buick has ever given us."that car is the first in a seri of gm-10 products, a new $5 billion line of mid-siz car that will come out over the next two years. 
 general motor corp. buick divis formal introduc the first of gm crucial new line of midsiz cars, and predict the model will revers the divis two-year slide in sales. 
 the new regal is the first product of the $5 billion project code-nam "gm-10."the gm-10 line is aim at regain sale that gm has lost in it bread-and-butt market: midsiz car aim at upper-middle-class americans. 
 he and other buick officials, however, said consum incent will continue."given the suppli and demand situation," mr. mertz said, refer to the increas industri overcapac and flat demand, "some form of incent activ will continue, but not on everi car line." 
 gm buick divis introduc the first of the auto maker crucial new line of midsiz cars. 
 data general corp. introduc a new comput system that reduc the base price for it line of 32-bit superminicomputers. 
 "we want an honest reaction" from consumers, she now explains.but ms. georg end the mysteri recent by offici unveil her chicken by georg line at a parti with all the trimmings. 
 it spark the current disput this summer by question a custom servic rule that it board fell within the tariff reach.th washington comput trade group said it understand intern busi machin corp. was also affect by the new tariffs, becaus it buy board for it new person system/2 line of pcs from matsushita electr industri co. of japan. 
 packag corp., which own and oper ekco packaging, said it will manag the kaiser facil as part of it dispos packag group.kaisertech, a hold company, call the sale part of it plan to focus on line that offer "signific competit advantage." 
 gillett recent acquir a major interest in anoth french manufactur of expens pens, waterman s.a.that acquisit is intend to broaden gillett paperm pen line to includ pen in the $60 to $80 range, gillett offici said. 
 storag technolog corp. ad two new storag system to it line of disk drive for mainfram computers. 
 toyota is enter the u.s. luxuri car market by sell an upscal car line through a new dealer network. 
 intern busi machin corp. is unleash an aggress legal campaign to protect it new line of person comput from clones. 
 outsid the courtroom, ibm is issu strong warn that rival won't be abl to build a legal clone of it newest pcs unless they get patent licens from ibm -- a requir that could present a new barrier to enter the clone market.big blue alreadi has file two unusu broad lawsuit against alleg infring of the trademark for it four-month-old pc line, call the person system/2. 
 such a drop, in ibm most visibl consum market, would stand as one of ibm most rankl public-imag setbacks.in it first famili of pcs, ibm specif use wide avail part and an "open" design that would let independ compani make software, accessori and even full comput that compet with the ibm line. 
 "you might even look at it as an insur policy," he says.chip & technologies, base in milpitas, calif., make wide use microchip set for clone makers, design to imit the inner work of ibm old pc line. 
 toyota motor corp. said it will enter the increas crowd u.s. luxury-car market by sell a line of upscal car through a new toyota dealer network call lexus. 
 toyota motor corp. said it will enter the increas crowd u.s. luxury-car market by sell a line of upscal car through a new toyota dealer network call lexus.th auto maker, which said it will introduc the car in late 1989 as 1990 models, becom the third japanes auto maker to opt for a so-cal "second channel" of dealer to highlight a new line of cars. 
 honda motor co. introduc it legend and integra luxuri car in the u.s. in 1986 through a new dealer network call acura.and just last month, nissan motor corp. announc plan for a new line of upscal car that, start in 1989, it will market under the new infin label. 
 competit has becom so heat that bmw of north america inc., a unit of bayerisch motoren werk ag, and mercedes-benz of north america inc., a unit of daimler-benz ag, recent announc sale incent to help trim excess inventori -- a rare move for the two west german luxury-car makers.toyota hope it upscal line will help it hang on to current custom who have had to look elsewher when trade up to luxuri cars, and say it isn't worri about the crowd market. 
 it said the dealers, who will be pick from insid and outsid toyota current rank of 1,085 u.s. dealers, will be situat in the top 50 market in the u.s. -- market that can sustain sale of luxuri car -- and will have to demonstr a record of custom satisfaction.th auto maker plan to requir this first group of dealer to have facil for the lexus car total separ from their current car lines. 
 that strategi is common for auto maker set up separ dealer network and is meant, among other things, to make buyer of the upscal car feel special and to underscor the exclus ambianc of the luxuri market.but some dealer have voic skeptic about the practice, note that sale of new luxury-car line may not be big enough to support the expens -- often million of dollar -- of separ facilities. 
 indeed, toyota said it expect to sell onli 30,000 of the vehicl in the first model year.asid from hang on to current customers, the lexus luxuri line could help boost toyota earnings, if it prove popular. 
 the japanes suppli capit and technolog and the american suppli manag and marketing.four small, close held firms, an american, a dutch, a german and a japanes -- each a leader in one narrow line of chemic solvent -- have merg their separ research lab with the lab of an american univers with expertis in the solvent field. 
 onli by band togeth do they have the $200 million in sale need to support a decent research budget in a rapid chang technology.and then there is the belgian produc of process meat -- the largest produc in it specialti line within the common market but still with sale of onli about $60 million a year. 
 u.s. export drop like a stone in the year of the overvalu dollar and import soared; not one major american industri could maintain it export in the face of a currenc fluctuat of almost 50%.yet onli in steel, automobiles, consum electronics, machin tool and a few semiconductor line did the world share of american product go down at all. 
 dover corp., new york, acquir the duncan industri parking-met unit of rymer co. for $29 million.th acquisit add rymer onli nonfood oper to dover line of industri parts. 
 "they'v had tremend market respons for the workstat products," he said.stephen k. smith, comput analyst with painewebb inc., caution that hewlett-packard profit margin fell 1% in the quarter to 7.2%, a sign that brisk demand for the compani product may not be concentr in it more profit lines. 
 increasingly, such product are be made for appl comput inc. macintosh.although add-on aren't yet avail to match the featur of ibm new person system/2 line, such featur as the improv graphic probabl will be mimick soon. 
 some of the add-ons, however, are like to be expensive.still, as consum tri to decid whether to spend $5,000 or more for the most power of ibm new ps/2 line, interest in the aftermarket is like to grow. 
 but michael kennedy, a food analyst at id financi services, believ the burger develop is emblemat of hormel innovations.mr. ramey is more excit about the top shelf line, which packag microwav meat entre in multilay plastic that act like a can. 
 mr. mcmillin note hormel is sell at 19 time his estim of $1.50 for next year earnings, compar with a multipl of about 16 for all food stocks.lik ani other high-multipl stock that includ a big bet on some futur line, hormel carri the risk that this profus of new product will fall flat. 
 mr. ramey say the biggest risk is that hormel won't have enough advertis dollar to put behind it new ideas.but he believ the can meat lines, have serv as a cash cow to financ product development, can support those outlay as well. 
 perkin-elm share close yesterday at $38, up $1.25, in new york stock exchang composit trading.in the past two fiscal years, perkin-elm has taken various charges, though much smaller, as it undertook to refocus the chip equip line and gird for what mani in the industri say is a rebound semiconductor market. 
 revlon is sell the two vision-car busi for more than twice their annual sales; such busi typic fetch the equival of 1.5 time annual sales, accord to ms. hall of smith barney.th sale of the vision-car line will leav revlon focus on it cosmet business, which analyst expect to have 1987 sale of about $1.7 billion, compar with $1.15 billion last year. 
 commodor task to restructur it u.s. oper is formidable.th compani vener model 64 comput is in the final year of it life cycl and it person comput line is up against new product from comput giants, includ intern busi machin corp., appl comput inc. and tandi corp. 
 the compani vener model 64 comput is in the final year of it life cycl and it person comput line is up against new product from comput giants, includ intern busi machin corp., appl comput inc. and tandi corp.meanwhile, commodor is bank much of the compani growth on it technolog impress amiga comput line, which also is face with numer competit obstacl in the u.s. 
 sale rose 16% to $1.4 billion from $1.21 billion.th framingham, mass.-bas discount store oper has had weak result from it larg discount depart store oper in recent period becaus of strong competit and weak in it apparel lines. 
 the japan defens agenc allow vendor to earn less than 5%, but that is a godsend for kawasaki heavi industri ltd.the compani other manufactur lines, such as shipbuilding, are awash in deficits. 
 cost-control measur have improv margins, he added, saying, "we'r well-posit to be a lot more competitive."about 75% of anticip sale this year are expect to be to new customers, mani of them cardiologist and internists, as the compani introduc a line of desktop unit to help detect heart and lung disease. 
 although a manag chang at simac plant in gessate, italy, has meant interrupt shipment of it pastamat to the u.s., mr. carter is await a "new and improved" version in time for this year christma sell season.even so, his heart is realli in a new line of toasters. 
 for the second time in less than two months, volkswagen u.s. inc., troy, mich., said it will boost suggest retail price of it entry-level fox line. 
 on juli 1, the compani ad $100 to $150 to the base price of it 1987 foxes.th line is assembl in brazil. 
 the compani also is introduc a new product, a mixtur of fruit liqueur and brandy.in a bid to distinguish it brands, the christian brother has taken it name off it generic tabl wines, renam the line "mont la salle," and has reserv the christian brother name for it top-of-the-lin vintag wines, which are be pushed. 
 anoth recent campaign has target the market for inexpens wines.on ad ask consum to "tast the fun" of christian brother line of low-alcohol wine with name like "wild berry" and "la blush." 
 sale for continu oper for the fiscal year grew about 8% to $210 million from $194.9 million in fiscal 1986.earlier in the current fiscal year, ipco sold it sterl dental busi and it dental prosthet line, which had combin annual sale of about $20 million. 
 term weren't disclosed.th 185-acr shipyard was shut down by general dynam last summer after it complet build a line of maritim posit ship for the military. 
 the amount of stock involv wasn't disclosed.colg plan to buy minnetonka softsoap brand liquid soap, villag bath adult bath products, sesam street children bath product and institutional-commerci line of liquid soaps. 
 mr. lewi appar has readi buyer for some of his new beatric european operations.certain co-own of those intern line -- such as the ballv famili of madrid, who sold beatric an interest in their campofrio meat concern in 1977 -- have been tri to persuad beatric mr. kelli to let them repurchas their stakes, accord to the ballv attorney. 
 he wouldn't elaborate, except to add that he has "no plan to dispos of a signific part" of his new holdings.for beatrice, the sale of the intern oper mean mr. kelli has achiev his goal of strip the compani down to it u.s. domest food core, led by it hunt tomato product and wesson cook oil lines. 
 in new york stock exchang composit trade yesterday, del e. webb close at $25.75 a share, down 37.5 cents.webb said the discussions, which it describ as "cordial," center around the two group interest in webb; potenti licens problem the group might encount with webb nevada and new jersey gambl operations; webb recent announc that it might split up it leisur and real estat oper and possibl sell part of the company; and the compani intent to take hefti writedown this year from it gambl lines. 
  new line of person comput was among it best seller in
 world of wonder said friday that it expect lazer tag toy -- of which it has $25 million in inventori -- to recov from recent weakness.it also said it has begun shipment of a new line of school accessori and a video game, and plan to ship other new toy soon. 
 then the compani took a hard look at it remain businesses."w ask what was it possibl to do to elimin expens without hurt the long-term vital of those lines," mr. mockler says. 
 two of it busi line -- the manufactur of portabl electr power tool and of gas meter -- could easili be spun off or sold.in 1986, these line account for $294.5 million of singer $1.73 billion in revenue. 
 if singer doe becom a takeov target, a potenti acquir might have a relat easi time gain support from institutions, which own about 55% of singer.whil singer divestitur of it sew line last year was hail by sharehold and analysts, it top manag hasn't alway receiv the highest praise. 
 in addit to common stock, allied-sign own $200 million of union texa prefer stock that was purchas last year when union texa cash flow fell below specifi targets.allied-sign second-quart net incom fell 22% to $148 million, or 85 cent a share, includ profit from continu oper of $111 million and a $37 million gain from the sale of discontinu lines. 
 tandon had been sole a maker of disk drive for ibm pcs, but decid to expand it busi after post hefti loss becaus of a glut in the disk drive market.however, the compani had difficulti with it person comput line domestically, and was hurt by the comput industri slump. 
 tandi corp. unveil addit to both the low end and high end of it comput line, includ a power model that is price about 20% lower than similar machin from intern busi machin corp. and compaq comput corp. 
 as expected, the fort worth, texas-bas electron retail introduc a machin base on intel corp. 80386 microchip, which is becom the standard chip for the highest perform ibm-compat computers."they'v broaden and strengthen their line, though there aren't ani technolog breakthroughs," said eugen glazer, analyst with dean witter reynold inc. in new york. 
 ibm 80386 comput becam avail in june.tandi introduc two addit to the low end of it line, aim at two market that are tandi tradit strength, school and home users. 
 donna rice link to gari hart is start to pay off.th miami actress-model, whose relationship with mr. hart upset his presidenti campaign, will appear in tv commerci and magazin ad this fall for a women sportswear line call no excuses. 
 the beauti industri has been consolid rapid in recent year as drug compani have rush to shed their cosmet and fragranc businesses.meanwhile, cosmet and personal-car compani have snatch up the lines, prefer to buy establish brand rather than build new one from scratch. 
 avon hasn't chang it plan to expand but doesn't see ani immedi candid of arden size, he said.ear this year, beecham group plc sold dian von furstenberg fragranc to revlon group inc. american cyanamid co. sold the jacquelin cochran fragranc and treatment lines, includ the distribut right to the nina ricci line, to sanofi inc. squibb corp. sold charl of the ritz group ltd. last novemb to yves saint laurent, which in turn sold part to revlon month later. 
 revlon sold bain de soleil to procter & gambl co.th few major beauti line still own by pharmaceut compani includ schering-plough corp. maybellin and pfizer inc. coti line. 
 "bi use this approach, an investor can just about get his money back when the pool of equip is sold," mr. smith says.in high technology, phoenix leas inc., a unit of phoenix american inc., san rafael, calif., say it cut risk in it cash distribut fund ii by invest in 12 differ line of comput and peripher equip and leas them main to fortun 1000 companies. 
 it not a pcjr by ani means," said frank l. bryant, presid of neeco inc., a canton, mass., comput chain.whil ibm offici and analyst said the compani has had some success with it model 30 machin in the educ market -- until now the low end of ibm new ps/2 line -- the compani face stiff competit from both tandi and apple. 
 tandi offici wouldn't discuss detail of the announcements.also wide expect are new addit to the low-end of tandi comput line, which are aim at the compani strongest markets, in education, small busi and home computers.in addition, tandi is expect to unveil a more power laptop comput to add to it alreadi success line. 
 term weren't disclosed.alfin stop sell it skin-car line last month and said it would take a pretax write-off of $15 million for it fourth quarter end juli 31, in addit to a third-quart $4.6 million reserve, to cover cost of leav the business. 
 tandi unveil four addit to it comput line, includ a power model price 20% below similar machin by ibm and compaq. 
 produc onli one million barrel a year, pittsburgh brewing, which is a unit of swan brew co. of australia isn't go to challeng giant anheuser-busch cos.still, mr. carota job is becom more complex as the breweri expand it line to 18 brands, includ sever beer (samuel adam boston lager, pennsylvania pilsner, thirteen coloni amber, old heurich) brew under contract for other companies. 
 smithklin beckman, base in philadelphia, will own 60% and sumitomo will own 40%.the joint ventur will be base at smithklin beckman tokyo headquarters, and will develop and market the pharmaceut concern line of gastrointestinal, cold and analges products, includ smithklin contac and cimetidine, the activ ingredi in tagamet. 
 the averag price chevron receiv for west texa intermediate, a benchmark product, rose to $18 a barrel from $14 a year ago; it current is $20."although benefit our domest explor and product operations, this strengthen in crude oil price hasn't help our refin and market results," mr. keller added, note that those line were hurt by reduc return on sales. 
 but even when microwav food look and tast acceptable, there can be unexpect snags.gari esbeck, market manag of frozen food at hormel, recal that particip in a recent focus group in kansa city, kan., were suspici of the authent grill mark on his compani line of microwav meats. 
 sale increas to $159.6 million from $116.5 million.ronald j. brown, senior vice president, market and sales, said the result reflect strong demand for the latest microcomput -- appl comput inc. appl se, intern busi machin corp. person system 2 line and compaq comput corp. new 386 machine. 
 "there was some initi confus when ibm announc the ps/2, but now there is major interest in the ps/2 and the other new microcomputers.at the same time, the whole line of older products, the pc-at type products, is still strong." 
 "it is our intent to own the company," said howard bermick, alberto-culv execut vice president.mr. bermick said the propos acquisition, if completed, would expand alberto-culv retail and profession toiletri line. 
 mr. kulli say western could rais it net by 25% annual for the next three year by boost oper profit onli 9% a year, "simpli becaus interest will go down and goodwil amort will go down."but he doubt the compani can grow much faster than that, cite it need for more disciplin and focus in it "helter-skelter" product develop line. 
 the except is x-ray mammographi equip for the diagnosi of breast cancer."thomson has a more complet line of mammographi equipment," said robert l. stocking, vice presid of market for ge medic equip group in milwaukee. 
 compaq comput corp. report that net incom more than tripl in the second quarter on burgeon sale of the compani high-end products.sal climb even after intern busi machin corp. unveil a line of compet comput april 2, a day after the period began. 
 on june 30, however, the day compaq project for the second quarter was made public, the share jump $3.375 to close at $46.875 a share.th result also strong defi nay-say who said that compaq might face a big slowdown in sale after ibm new line of comput was introduced. 
 compaq comput profit more than tripl in the second quarter, exceed expectations.sal continu to increas despit ibm introduct of a compet comput line. 
 ford motor co. said it will spend $900 million to develop a new line of auto or truck engin and retool it tractor plant in romeo, mich., to produc them. 
 coleco industri inc. has run into a hairi legal problem over a new line of it cabbag patch kids. 
 put nylon-root hair -- rather than braid cloth hair -- on cabbag patch doll was it concept, albert says.accord to alberts, coleco is pay royalti for use the concept on one popular line of dolls, but not on the bubbl bath babi line, which was introduc earli this year. 
 the suit also ask for unspecifi monetari damages.arthur albert, who run albert with his wife, said he has heard that a propos "talking" cabbag patch line might also have nylon hair, and that he would expect royalti payment on that product, too. 
 a week later, clabir general defens unit said it would buy all of hi-shear 5.9 million share for $23.50 each.at that time, clabir and general defens chairman henri d. clark said hi-shear new defens product fit well with general defens line of anti-tank weapons. 
 remind the comptrol that befor he can creat a bottom line, someon must generat the top line of the incom statement.bi have the sale repres do what he or she doe best -- namely, meet direct with the custom -- and by support that function with skill peopl to do the autom administr for them via cellular phone connections, you can chang the way your top line is created. 
 undistract by the rabble, mr. smith ("sinjin" to player and fans) stretch in a beach chair and await his first game.h wear blue and white tog from sideout -- his person sportswear line that is expect to have revenu of $5 million this year -- and lie under an umbrella bear the name of a new sportswear shop he run with his brother and sister in nearbi santa monica. 
 nissan motor corp. plan to announc today a separ u.s. dealer network that will market an upscal car line, dealer familiar with the project said. 
 nissan motor corp. plan to announc today a separ u.s. dealer network that will market an upscal car line, dealer familiar with the project said.th move would make nissan the second japanes auto maker to opt for a separ dealer network in an effort to highlight a new line of cars. 
 one dealer said nissan told him that the sport coup would be price in the low-$30,000 range; the sedan may be price in the mid-$30,000 range.h ad that nissan current is consid introduc the line in the fall of 1988 as 1989 models. 
 the new car are expect to be power by an eight-cylind v8 engine, a move that would make nissan the first japanes auto maker to introduc a car with that larg an engin in the u.s. larg engin can be veri profit for manufactur becaus buyer are will to pay more for the extra power.person familiar with nissan plan said the compani could requir some of the dealer in the new network to have separ facil for the new car line, if their current dealership premis can't be gear to an upscal market. 
 stuart hall co. expect fiscal third-quart net incom to declin sharpli becaus of competit price of it school product line, said charl g. hanson, chairman and chief execut officer. 
 but constitut item should have a longer life, sinc the celebr run through 1991."we think it has a lot of stay power," say tom elsbernd of allen co., blanchester, ohio, which offer a line of commemor glassware. 
 briefs: the second citi experiment theater group in chicago open a new revue, "kukla, fawn and ollie, or contra hear me knocking." . . .a new line of exercis machin for children is call futur force. 
 intern busi machin corp., in a move appar aim at shore up lag softwar develop efforts, has form a new softwar division.in addition, ibm has establish a market unit that will focus on it midrang comput line, which has been under sieg from rival such as digit equip corp. 
 traditionally, ibm bread-and-butt has been in oper system for midrang and mainfram computers, the intern softwar instruct that guid the machines.th new applic system divis will consolid ibm world-wid softwar develop activities, and help outsid softwar maker write program for ibm new line of person computers, midrang system and mainfram machines, said joseph m. guglielmi, presid of the new division. 
 he was assist group executive, market and support, in ibm big market arm, the inform system group.mr. ford appoint indic concern on ibm part over it midrang lines, which continu to have difficulti in the second quarter. 
 black & decker corp. said it incorrect state in a recent interview that it was place less emphasi on such personal-car product as hair dryers.in fact, the compani said, hair dryer and other personal-car line have alreadi been eliminated. 
 mr. schulman said he estim that fourth-quart order rose 25% or more from the strong year-earli level.h said the 9370 line of comput from intern busi machin corp. doesn't appear to be hurt digit sales. 
 prime comput inc. said it ad a more power system to it line of desk-sid minicomputers. 
 comsat said it is negoti with "sever potenti buyers" for the manufactur unit and the satellites.th compani alreadi has agre to sell it comsat intern communic subsidiari and remain comsat technolog product lines. 
 merril lynch advanc 7/8 to 36 5/8.the brokerag firm was recommend by smith barney, harri upham & co., which cite it better-than-expect revenu in it merger and acquisit line in the second quarter. 
 sale rose to $2.8 billion from $2.5 billion last year.th figur for the 1986 quarter have been restat to exclud sale and expens of discontinu lines. 
 as of march 31, the most recent figur a spokesman said he could obtain, ralston debt total $1.49 billion.much of that debt result from the compani $1.42 billion acquisit of union carbid corp. batteri division, which make the evereadi line, in april 1986. 
 in it fiscal first quarter end may 2, marcad earn $2.1 million, or seven cent a share, on revenu of $36.1 million.a previous reported, marcad has agre to acquir close held europ craft import inc., maker of the member onli sportswear line, for undisclos terms. 
 chrysler attribut the jump in oper earn to cost-cut move and to higher profit margin from strong truck and minivan sales."w said we were go to put a heavier emphasi on truck in this company, and move upscal to a richer product mix in our car lines," said lee a. iacocca, chairman and chief execut officer. 
 yet even mr. amerman impress intern experi doesn't alway prepar mattel for the quirk of some foreign markets.th compani recent start oper in india and was surpris to find that the master line and hot wheel car far outsold the perenni star, barbie. 
 about $420 million of the total will be spent this year, he indicated.for example, scott manag will seek board approv soon for expand product capac in dover, del., for softkins, a line of wet bathroom-tissu product aim at adult markets. 
 apollo comput inc., chelmsford, mass., said it sign a multimillion-dollar agreement with cetia s.a., a subsidiari of thomson-csf of france, under which cetia will develop and market workstat base on apollo comput and software.th contract call for apollo to deliv system and server from it domain seri 3000 workstat and it dn500 line of graphic workstat over the next five years. 
 the close of the plant, which make bias passeng and truck tire and radial light truck tires, will result in the layoff of 1,300 workers.th unit said ani charg for the close were includ in a $65 million provis it parent took in last year fourth quarter for the restructur of it north american tire lines. 
 du pont co., wilmington, del., said it plan a $60 million expans of manufactur capac for it zytel line of nylon resin in uentrop, west germany. 
 mr. exley said order were "particular strong" for the compani person comput and tower famili of supermicrocomputers.th compani in may bolster it person comput line with three new comput and a workstation, includ one base on intel corp. power 80386 microprocessor. 
 the household applianc compani net in the quarter fell to $47.4 million, or 65 cent a share, from $52.4 million, or 71 cent a share, in the 1986 second quarter.th compani blame the declin on, among other things, the depreci and engin cost of introduc a line of kitchenaid refriger and laundri applianc in the first quarter. 
 alco standard corp. said it plan to sell it alco beverag co. unit, alco gift and glasswar subsidiari and alco packag and metalsourc corp. steel distribut operations.th line repres almost 15% of the compani total revenue. 
 but a dealer, a larg custom and sever ibm insid confirm that an announc is nigh.ibm had seem to abandon the low end of the person comput market when it introduc it new person system/2 line in earli april. 
 but "they still were make money on the xt, and ibm doe not leav money on the table," said bob orbach, director of busi develop at 47th street computer, a new york retailer.ibm is expect to bring out a machin that use the same central processor as the xt, has the same color monitor as the machin that is at the low end of the compani new pc line, accord to the industri executives. 
 historically, ibm remain flexibl until the last possibl moment on the price and configur of a new product, so the industri sourc caution that their inform is somewhat speculative.though ibm new line of person comput has done moder well, it is by no mean certain that a new low-end machin would succeed. 
 tandi said it think it would continu to hold a price advantag over ibm."you'r compet with equip that avail . . . in tandi line from $599 up, and we discount," said ed juge, director of market plan at tandy. 
 "you'r compet with equip that avail . . . in tandi line from $599 up, and we discount," said ed juge, director of market plan at tandy.separately, dealer said ibm has begun offer addit discount on it new line of person comput and has begun pay freight charges. 
 that was much less than expected, analyst said, and reflect heavi discount in respons to competition.ibm said both order and shipment increas dure the quarter, and singl out it new line of person comput as show particular strength. 
 ibm said it after-tax profit margin fell to 8.4% from 10.4% in the 1986 half.in the second half, ibm is expect to benefit as it start to ship in volum the new version of it 3090 mainframes, it 9370 minicomput and some product in it new person comput line. 
 ford motor co., dearborn, mich., said it is invest $563 million in a new line of light truck and the expans of it louisville, ky., truck assembl plant to accommod product of the trucks.th auto maker said $260 million will be use for the expansion, and $303 million will be use for development, engin and other cost relat to the truck line. 
 heinz said the transact is subject to complet of a definit agreement.champion valley farms, base in bloomsburg, pa., make a line dog food product market under the "recipe" brand. 
 the pc1, which will arriv on the italian market this month, has a base price of one million lire ($750).it oper program make it compat with model made by intern busi machin corp. and other main comput lines. 
 as part of the agreement, cooper will acquir certain right to use the joy name and trademark in connect with the acquir business.cooper, a maker of tool and compress and drill equipment, said the new busi complement it exist compressor line and should improv it market posit and extend the horsepow rang it can offer in certain type of compressors. 
 from a 52-week low of 26, microsoft share near quintupl to a peak close price of 126 1/2 reach may 8, rank the stock as one of the great stori of the current bull market.behind the move: strong sale of person comput clone that also use the pc oper system microsoft develop for intern busi machines, and ibm decis to use microsoft softwar in it new pc line. 
 but now he believ the risk is on the downside.with second-quart pc softwar busi down 5% to 10% from the march quarter and third-quart prospect uncertain due to custom confus about the new ibm line, the roberston colman analyst says, "there is go to be an unusu lack of visibl at a time when investor need some comfort." 
 sinc 1984, mattel has tri to focus on toys, abandon it electron and entertain businesses.recently, mattel has been hurt by slump demand in the u.s. for it master of the univers and rainbow brite toy lines. 
 the oper system is softwar that direct some of a comput basic operations.th os/2 system, schedul for releas in the 1988 first quarter, was announc april 2, the same day intern busi machin corp. unveil it person system/2 comput line. 
 northern telecom ltd. is expect to unveil today a new line of digit telephon switch hardwar and softwar that doubl the current voic and data process capac of it exist switches. 
 in earli may, the new york attorney general offic said it was investig alfin advertis claim for glycel.in late may, alfin said it would refocus it busi back to fragrances, it origin business, and said it had hire bear, stearn & co. to studi altern includ the sale of the skin-car line. 
 in late may, alfin said it would refocus it busi back to fragrances, it origin business, and said it had hire bear, stearn & co. to studi altern includ the sale of the skin-car line.besid glycel, alfin skin-car line includ birthright cosmet for pregnant women, and irma shorell, a diversifi line of cosmet that alfin acquir in 1985. 
 intern miner & chemic corp. said it mallinckrodt inc. unit is divest a hand of peripher busi as part of an effort to focus on line with higher profit margin and stronger market positions. 
 intern miner & chemic corp. said it mallinckrodt inc. unit is divest a hand of peripher busi as part of an effort to focus on line with higher profit margin and stronger market positions.proce from the sale of the various line are expect to exceed $100 million, the compani said. 
 term of the two transact weren't disclosed.in addition, mallinckrodt has put it forma scientif laboratory-equip busi and it barium gastrointestin imaging-product line on the block, intern miner said. 
 sun microsystem inc. is slate to introduc today a new line of high-perform workstat that provid the horsepow of convent minicomput cost 10 time as much. 
 in april, sun chop the price on it low-end workstat 37% to less than $5,000, a move that has sinc been match by it main competitors, apollo comput inc. and digit equipment.th compani also recent announc a line of communic product that can connect a full array of person computers, workstations, minicomputers, mainfram and supercomputers. 
 between 40% and 50% of data translat product are use in intern busi machin corp. person computers, or ibm compat machines.mr. molinari said the compani is design product for the ibm ps/2 line of person computers, as well as for appl comput co. new macintosh ii. 
 for texa instruments, the agreement is one of it first major announc to flesh out a busi strategi the compani outlin in december, emphas allianc with other semiconductor makers.intel is an obvious choic in that strategy, analyst said, becaus texa instrument line of semiconductor is weakest where intel is strongest. 
 "this give rise to hope," mr. mandresh said.th bullish analyst said mani ibm custom order the compani new 3090e line, a seri of enhanc version of it mainfram computers, and mani other upgrad their exist machines. 
 he ad that, "bi the 1990s, concern about ibm domin of the industri will resurface."still, it remain to be seen how fulli custom will adopt the 9370 mid-rang line and ibm new line of person computers. 
 sun microsystem will unveil today a line of comput workstat it hope will be the industri standard. 
 mr. schafer move quick to suit his shopper tastes.when the aid epidem struck, he introduc a line of key chain bear plastic-encas condom and the message, "in case of aids, break glass."when sak fifth avenu made a splash with s.f.a. t-shirts, south of the border t-shirt shop introduc the s.o.b. fashion line. 
 the compani will add a new melt furnace, upgrad an exist furnac and instal new glass-form equipment.an addit 100 job are expect as a result of the improvements, which will allow the plant to add to it line of scientif glassware. 
 e-ii, to be head by former esmark chairman donald p. kelly, is an offshoot of close held beatrice.th new company, which contain beatric non-food businesses, such as samsonit luggag and stiffel lamps, and some smaller specialty-food lines, will be use primarili as a vehicl for acquisitions. 
 he couldn't be reach yesterday for comment.th new compani contain beatric non-food businesses, such as samsonit luggag and stiffel lamps, and some it smaller specialty-food lines. 
 she own a london wine bar and recent bought a big hous in the country, where she plan to instal herself and the entir famili (mum, dad, kid sis and the dogs).sh also launch a line of cosmetics. 
 at a news confer schedul for today at the marriott marqui hotel in new york, compaq will roll out some comput industri royalti -- it own president, rod canion, plus a triumvir of softwar princes: chairmen william gate of microsoft corp., edward m. esber of ashton-t co. and jim p. manzi of lotus develop corp.th purpose: to put out the word that the new line of comput from intern busi machin corp. hasn't lock compaq comput out of import futur advanc in software. 
 applic software, such as spreadsheet and word processors, is written to fit "over" the oper system.os/2 was introduc april 2 along with the new line of comput from ibm. 
 while it isn't out yet, microsoft say it will run on comput current available, like those made by compaq and others, as well as on the new ibm model that deviat in some way from the standard design that compaq uses.compaq appar think some comput buyer believ os/2 can onli be use on the new ibm line. 
 if buyer are confused, it isn't surprising.for one thing, the new ibm line is, not coincidentally, call ps/2. 
 what more, while microsoft has done most of the develop on os/2, ibm is make some slight alter and will put out it own version, call ibm os/2.in it public statements, ibm hasn't deni that os/2 will run on comput made by compaq and others, but it say the system will run faster and with clearer graphic on the new ibm line. 
 "i find a lot of my client equat ps/2 with os/2 and figur everyon els is out in the cold."industri watcher say ibm may well be right that os/2 will run better on the new ps/2 line, which includ some hardwar enhanc that other comput maker don't have yet. 
 the acquisit will allow bell atlant to start a new leas unit for medic equipment, particular medic imag devices, the spokesman said.th compani intend to fold nation fund other leas line into tricon. 
 mr. johnson said that the compani hasn't ani immedi plan to make an acquisit and that it hasn't acquir a new compani for at least 10 years."we'v had all that we can do to improv the line that we'r in," he said. 
 earlier this month, bsn enter negoti to acquir medalist industri inc., a milwaukee-bas maker of commerci and industri products, for $25 a share.last year, bsn purchas medalist protect equip division, ad it to it line of cheerlead suppli and it tenni ladi inc. chain of athlet cloth stores. 
 a fireman fund spokeswoman said the decis appli to all kind of insur written by fireman fund and it affiliates."massachusett doesn't allow a compani to withdraw from just one line," the spokeswoman said. 
 "we'v never handl toshiba.w don't have a need for the line," said warren g. hyman, chairman of newmark & lewi inc., a retail chain base in hicksville, n.y. 
 he run a pro tournament in los angel for volvo, is chairman of the southern california tenni association, and is activ in junior-develop program for the u.s. tenni association.perhap most notably, wilson sport good co., with whom he has been associ sinc he turn pro, just came out with a new line of mid-siz graphit racket that will bear his name. 
 compaq comput rang in price from about $2,000 to about $9,000.the increas -- similar to gain the compani has regist in previous quarter -- indic that compaq product are fare well despit new competit and uncertainti creat by intern busi machin corp. new line of person comput that debut on april 2. 
 the microprocessor is a complex of integr circuit on one silicon chip that perform the comput basic computations.mr. canion was cautious, however, about draw conclus regard the success of the new ibm line. 
 ccx, a maker of tool steel, glass fiber and wire screening, said the charg consist main of a $9,870,000 write-down of asset and close expens relat to certain domest and foreign specialti steel operations.th compani also had another, smaller one-tim charg and some profit from discontinu line in the quarter. 
 volvo cars, a dutch auto maker, is own 70% by the dutch govern and 30% by volvo, a swedish auto maker.th dutch econom ministri said that as part of the debt rescheduling, a second dedic trust would be creat to help fund futur model lines. 
 mr. krumm said in an interview that slowli rise interest rate and a downturn in the hous industri will hurt the industri after four year of record sales.mr. krumm said the magic chef acquisit move maytag into the major applianc line in which it want to be, such as refriger and ranges. 
 he said one reason for the expect gain is that the compani expect to benefit from the new feder tax law.mr. atwat attribut the gain larg to strong increas in unit volum and market share by the food and restaur compani packag food lines, includ cereals, flour, betti crocker bake and dessert mix and gorton frozen seafood. 
 befor the 1986 fourth quarter, the ail auto maker most recent profit was in the 1984 fourth quarter.mr. cappi made the forecast here while introduc part of amc 1988-model line. 
 "perelman want this compani bad enough that he will to pay enough to get it," said one person close to the revlon chairman.mr. perelman has argu that combin revlon cosmet product with gillett line would creat one of the world most formid consumer-product companies. 
 in the past five months, no fewer than five bid have been made for becor, a century-old rust belt fixtur in south milwaukee, wis.becor excav equip line are well regarded, and they fit well with most of the suitor businesses. 
 the spokeswoman ad that the compani is notifi exist policyhold their polici will be cancel in 60 days.sh said liberti isn't write ani new worker compens polici in the state but it will continu to handl other lines. 
 kraft inc. said it complet the previous report acquisit of the anderson clayton food divis from quaker oat co. for $235 million.th glenview, ill.-bas food concern said the unit, which includ the chiffon margarin and seven sea salad dress lines, had sale of $433 million in fiscal 1986. 
 caterpillar inc. said it was select by navistar intern corp., a chicago-bas truck manufacturer, to suppli fuel system compon for navistar futur line of diesel engines. 
 current sales: 1,000 meal a month.two minneapolis-area hospit plan nation distribut this year of their nutriti cuisin line, made by a local food processor.american hospit suppli corp. plan a line of special-diet meal to help increas hospit food-servic revenues. 
 american hospit suppli corp. plan a line of special-diet meal to help increas hospit food-servic revenues.nutracar inc., newport beach, calif., expand it line of hospital-market meals, hope hospit themselv will begin use them for patients. 
 j boat inc., newport, r.i., predict sale of 22-foot to 36-foot sailboat will doubl in the next 10 years.still, some sailboat maker hedg their bet by start powerboat lines; other drop their sailboat line altogether. 
 parker g. montgomery, chairman and architect of a seri of such spinoff of coopervis compani over the past sever years, said the propos action are design to "help maxim sharehold value."th compani eye-car product line had sale of $162 million in fiscal 1986. 
 your may 7 stori on itt corp. potenti sale to an investor of it telex line and it merger with western union state that if the lebow group also bought the telex busi of rca corp., the result combin of all three telex busi would result in mci communic corp. be the onli remain u.s.-bas competitor in the intern telex business. 
 ing.c. olivetti & co. introduc a line of six person comput design to compet with a group of machin unveil in april by intern busi machin corp. 
 both can be use either in local-area network or alone.in addition, the line includ a workstat call the s-281 for use in network and a low-end, stand-alon model call the m-240. 
 "it will be a record year in term of (unit) volum and revenue" for ibm person comput sales, mr. low said.h ad that ibm has increas it sale forecast for the machin sinc the april 2 introduct of the ps/2 line. 
 in composit new york stock exchang trade yesterday, ibm close at $164.875 a share, up $1.625, and was the third most-act issu with 2.2 million share chang hands.earli this month, rumor were widespread that the ps/2 line was sell poor and that it new oper system -- the softwar that control the basic function and promis enhanc capabl for the ibm comput -- would be delayed. 
 the avail of the special ibm-design version of the oper system, which will give the new comput featur that maker of less expens compat machin can't easili copy, will be announc in the fourth quarter.mr. low also indic that most of ibm old person comput line will be phase out by the end of the year. 
 as foolish as the question may seem, rep. wyden bill is sillier still.w might avoid much legisl nonsens if he and other congressmen would learn a basic truth of economics: ani attribut of costs, and therefor profits, to differ line in a multi-product firm is entir arbitrary. 
 ford sale jump 14.1% in mid-june.a number of it car lines, includ the crown victoria and taurus, post gains. 
 gm may allow inventori to remain high as leverag against a possibl strike by the unit auto worker union dure contract talk that start in july.still, the excess of 1987 model crowd dealer lot could hinder gm effort to introduc it 1988-model line this fall, which is whi mani analyst expect more financ incent or bigger product cuts. 
 ramada inc., ad budget motel to it current line of midpric and high-pric lodgings, said it acquir parkmount hospit corp. and it 160 rodeway inn in the u.s. from a unit of london-bas ladbrok group plc. 
 after a three-year string of success in the european comput market, amstrad consum electron plc of britain has encount it first major sale disappointment.a spokesman for the fast-grow compani confirm that sale of an import new comput line are run below origin expectations. 
 unconfirm report of the sale setback, circul by london financi analysts, had wipe #280 million ($450 million), or 23%, off amstrad stock-market valu in the past three weeks.th comput line, amstrad pc-1512 rang of person computers, compat with the industry-standard intern busi machin corp. pc, was launch last septemb with great fanfare. 
 marcad group inc., an apparel maker, said it agre to acquir close held europ craft import inc., which make the member onli sportswear line. 
 no one consid the strong-wil mr. sarni a pushover.h win prais from analyst and shareholdera as a cost-cutt who has expand oversea sale and move the compani from slow grow commodity-typ busi into higher-margin specialti lines. 
 stauffer specialty-chem divis make lubricants, flame retardants, addit for the synthetic-rubb industri and catalyst for the petrochem industry.al are sector that exist within akzo lines. 
 american brand agre to buy acco world corp., an office-suppli concern, for $29 a share, or $602 million.th purchas continu american brand aggress acquisit of consumer-product lines. 
 though bausch & lomb argu against the recall, it said the court order wouldn't affect it financ becaus retail inventori of the solut are small.th rochester-bas compani said it had alreadi introduc an improv line of salin solut known as hypo-clear. 
 the dutch electron maker alreadi suppli lcd screen for computer, industri and profession applications.japanes electron compani have been produc televis with five-centimet lcd screens; philip plan to launch a line of set with six-centimet lcd screen later this year. 
 the famili of david grutman, a barco vice president, has agre to tender to the donner the 600,000 share it controls, barco said.michael donner said the famili hasn't ani immedi plan to expand the company, but will develop exist line of the business, found by the elder mr. donner stepfath in 1929. 
 most of the charg in the current period stem from a decis to halt product of a disk drive, quantum said, and as a result, it intend to dismiss 29 employees, or about 3% of it work force.quantum said it cancel the product as part of an effort to concentr on it core line of disk drive and develop of higher-performance, smaller disk drives. 
 among the more attract asset that could be sold is the mail-handl equip business.mr. boksen estim the line alon could fetch between $250 million and $300 million. 
 pennwalt corp. said it agre in principl to acquir a line of fungicides, insecticid and herbicid and their relat manufactur facil from le raffineri de soufr reuni of marseilles, france. 
 fleet said it also acquir the leas for equip financ offic in new york and agre to retain it staff of 40.providence, r.i.-bas fleet financi is a bank hold compani oper sever line of financi services, includ commerci and trust banking, mortgag banking, real estat lending, invest bank and data processing. 
 fremont earlier took a $31.4 million charg against third-quart earn to cover potenti loss from certain discontinu operations.moodi said it review will focus on fremont off-balance-sheet exposur and the adequaci of it reserv for discontinu lines. 
 a few interact toy are alreadi on the market.a line of "captain power" figur from mattel inc., for example, can exchang infrar gunfir with the villain in a new cartoon show. 
 he hasn't elimin enough jobs, mani analyst say, and he has also been critic for unveil some product too soon.for instance, ibm new line of person comput were introduc in april, while the line new oper system won't be avail until next month. 
 later on, it is expect to roll out operating-system softwar that would even more sharpli increas the process speed and would final let programm take advantag of some of the fanci new featur of the current hardware.then, by 1990, ibm is expect to announc a whole new line of mainframes, start the product cycl all over again and make it competitor play catch-up for a while. 
 advertis agenc j. walter thompson co., which has endur a string of recent account losses, yesterday lost pepsico inc. slice soft drink line. 
 the human group was pace by an 18% rise in it naproxen and naproxen sodium anti-arthrit drugs.th compani diagnost line show an 8% sale increase, while sale of animal-health product rose 7% from a year ago. 
 "this could be a terrif opportun for good value, mid-pric brand to reassert themselves," say nanci posternak, manag director of strateg servic at thompson."peopl still will splurg on a european car or the top-of-th line stereo system, but they may choos a lower-pr dishwash or tv set if the brand is perceiv as a good buy." 
 the compani also said the base price for it 1988-model car will be an averag 1.7%, or $195, higher than 1987 models.chrysl has been announc price piecem but yesterday gave firm price for it entir model line. 
 "you don't normal see price reduct in the model year, you usual see incentives."th compani price move are meant to increas buyer interest in chrysler slow-sel line. 
 c. olivetti & co., the italian comput maker, is brace for troubl follow the stock-market crash, but compani execut said they remain optimist about a reviv of sag profit next year.to speed it expect comeback, europ second-biggest maker of person comput yesterday introduc a line of power minicomput and a new market strategi design to increas it slip share of world comput sales. 
 analyst predict net incom will fall as much as a third this year, from 565.5 billion lire in 1986.one problem has been flat sale of olivetti five-year-old line of minicomputers.th new line of minicomput shown yesterday seek to boost olivetti minicomput sale by 50% annual over the next two years, mr. levi said. 
 a lawyer for elizabeth taylor co. couldn't be reach for comment.unilev group chesebroughpond inc. unit, which distribut and licens ms. taylor line of perfumes, said it wouldn't comment until it has review the opinion. 
 fidel invest is prepar a major expans of it year-old line of plymouth fund and, in effect, is hire it competitor as it sale force. 
 it tradit has sold it fund through direct market techniques, such as newspap and magazin advertis back by a telephon network.although the compani clear isn't abandon such methods, it is look to broker-deal to sell the new fund line. 
 that compar with $3.3 billion through direct marketing.to tri to tap that market, fidel last year round up a "pilot group" of 12 brokerag firms, financi planner and other to sell the plymouth line. 
 all plymouth portfolio are run by fidel managers, or what william t. ryan, plymouth general manager, call "the first team."in fact, the first plymouth fund, the special situat fund, was a well-establish fidel capital-appreci portfolio that was move over to anchor the plymouth line. 
 kaypro corp., which enter the comput sale market in 1982 with a line of transport computers, said it discontinu the line, and part as a result, the comput product concern post a fiscal fourth-quart net loss. 
 kaypro corp., which enter the comput sale market in 1982 with a line of transport computers, said it discontinu the line, and part as a result, the comput product concern post a fiscal fourth-quart net loss.kaypro said the line of transportables, which are larger and bulkier than portabl machines, was drop becaus of "competit pressur and the amount of sale effort" requir to promot it.th line account for onli about 5% of kaypro sale of $105.6 million for the fiscal year end aug. 28, a compani spokeswoman said. 
 in nation over-the-count trade yesterday, kaypro share close at $1.0625, down 0.1875 cents.sal of the kaypro transport line have dwindl in recent years, as smaller, lighter-weight laptop comput have gain popularity. 
 kaypro has focus late on other comput products, and in 1985 introduc it person comput that is compat with intern busi machin corp. pc at, market it primarili to small busi and professionals.andrew f. kay, kaypro chairman, said elimin the transport line would allow the compani to concentr on market of "a smaller group of mainstream technolog computers." 
 goodyear departur from thompson was expected; the tire maker had said in june it would leav thompson if wpp bid succeeded.although goodyear will move most of it account to new york-bas young & rubicam, a close held ad agency, thompson will keep the compani high-perform tire line. 
 in nation over-the-count trade yesterday, ashton-t stock fell $2 to $17.50.ashton-t cite strong sale of it multim word process softwar line and "rapid acceptance" of it dbase mac, a databas manag softwar product for user of appl comput inc. macintosh model. 
 the compani said it expect to bring to market in 1988 new product which it predict will "have a signific impact on the comput industry."a spokesman said the compani is plan anoth generat of it dbase line, addit product for the macintosh, and more softwar aim at let dbase user on a person comput access inform store on larger systems. 
 devilbiss account for $250 million, or about 28%, of champion total 1986 sale of $883.8 million.but the unit had a loss last year, and analyst have said it line of auto-paint system and health-car product didn't match well with champion basic auto-part business. 
 prestolit also will purchas build and land in arcade, n.y., where the product are made.motorola said that the two line no longer fit it busi strategi and that their sale is part of the compani plan to focus on high-technolog electronics. 
 sear also will develop a disney brand of merchandise.sear line of winnie-the-pooh cloth and accessories, develop under a previous 22-year-old exclus licens agreement with disney, has generat sale of more than $1 billion in the past decade, the compani said. 
 eastman kodak co. said it will begin market a new line of medic kit to be use in physician offic to test for pregnanc and various infecti diseases. 
 olivetti, europ second-largest supplier of person computers, was "tri to convinc everybodi that whatev ibm {intern busi machin corp., the first-rank supplier} can do, they can do better," recal custom john heaps, deputi general manag of britannia build society, a british thrift institution.th olivetti sale pitch succeeded: a few week later, britannia spent #4 million ($7.2 million) on a new line of olivetti person comput for it tellers. 
 the most power model -- which olivetti bought from scottsdale, ariz.-bas edg comput corp. -- crunch number about four time faster than olivetti exist "line 1" minicomputers.th edg model is expect to cost more than twice the 50 million lire of olivetti top-pric mini in it current line. 
 among other things, analyst say, it risk confus custom and dealer becaus it line 2 machin also may compet with minicomput it alreadi market in europ for at&t.th expect unveil of the new minicomput line, along with septemb introduct of a line of new olivetti person computers, seem to correct one of olivetti biggest problem this year. 
 ici has fold the agrichem busi into it ici america inc. unit, base in wilmington, del.then, in short order, ici sold stauffer specialty-chem line, to akzo n.v. of the netherland for $625 million, and agre to sell the basic-chem business, to franc state-own rhone-poulenc s.a. for $505 million. 
 yet mr. mcdonald has brought some surpris of his own.sinc the annual meeting, he has back off a rosi earn project and delay the introduct of a new comput line, and the compani has said it is the subject of a secur and exchang commiss investigation. 
 brokerag hous are roll out a new line of defens invest product and strategi to appeal to investor still quak from the oct. 19 stock-market crash. 
 last year, for example, the compani announc a "silver parachute" plan to help protect all compani employe -- not just execut -- in case of a hostil takeover.th compani also pioneer the open offic concept with it "action office" line of furniture.that line is be succeed by a line of flexibl offic compon call ethospace, which was introduc in 1985 and use remov tile to adjust to differ situations. 
 but the omni and horizon account for less than 40% of chrysler sale drop, and the addit of american motor car sale -- where year-to-year comparison are terribl -- for onli an addit 15%.the problem also lie in such place as chrysler midsiz lebaron line, which has had flat sale this year, even though it has been expand to four model from two. 
 commodor intern ltd., west chester, pa., said fiscal first-quart net incom jump 70% on increas sale of it amiga line of computers, but revenu edg down 1.2%. 
 shipment of two of the three amiga model began onli this year.mr. gould said sale also were strong for anoth line, it pc-compat computers. 
 but it task is formidable.th compani model 64 comput is mature, and it personal-comput line is up against stiff competit from giant like intern busi machin corp., appl comput inc. and tandi corp. 
 lexus cars, which will cost in the low $30,000 range, will be introduc in an increas crowd marketplace.they will compet not onli with establish luxuri car but with honda motor co. new acura line and nissan motor corp. plan infin luxuri cars, which it intend to introduc in 1989. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it upgrad it line of system/88 computers. 
 daihatsu will origin limit sale to eight western states, and it product line will includ onli three separ models, which the compani describ as in the high rang of "entry-level" cars.but it said it will eventu expand throughout the countri and may offer a full line. 
 quaker oat co. said it consid bid on certain of beatric co. food lines. 
 quaker oat co. said it consid bid on certain of beatric co. food lines.william d. smithburg, chairman and chief execut officer, told report after the compani annual meet yesterday that he interest in such beatric line as hunt tomato products, wesson cook oil and tropicana juices.but he said he hasn't decid to make a bid for ani of the lines. 
 i'm sure mr. silverglad inadvert overlook the fact that campbel has sold low-sodium soup for years.also, this past summer we brought out a line of "special request" soup with one-third less salt. 
 sale rose 29% to $59.7 million from $46.2 million.talley said the loss includ charg of $19.8 million from discontinu operations, reflect anticip loss in the plan divestitur of talley slow-grow consum lines. 
 the 12-acr facil produc chemic use in the person care, detergent, agricultur and oil-field chemic industries.n distil is an energi and chemic concern here; the compani has shed it distil line and has said it plan to chang it name, effect jan. 1, to quantum chemic corp., subject to sharehold approval. 
 the surviv rate for most new toy is pretti dismal.but tyco toy inc. has devis a market strategi for one of it new toy line that sound practic suicidal. 
 even though christma gift account for rough 60% of all toy sales, the compani is ignor the holiday altogeth this year.not until dec. 26 will it begin a $10 million advertis and promot push for it dino-rid line of dinosaur action figures. 
 moreover, kid will be itchi to spend holiday gift money and will probabl have a few present they want to exchang as well.robert lurie, tyco vice presid of advertising, say the post-christma introduct of the dino-rid line is primarili a market decision, but he conced that product delay also influenc the timing."about two-third of the line could have been readi for christmas," he says, "but if we had hurri it, the qualiti and authent of the dinosaur might not have been as good." 
 in 1986, ibm fourth-quart earn drop 48% to $1.39 billion, or $2.28 a share.most analyst expect much stronger earn in the current quarter primarili becaus of lower expens and new product such as the compani new person comput line and it model 9370 mid-rang computer.however, mr. aker said that ibm mainfram line -- the model 3090 -- would show onli slight growth for the year. 
 gm said the move, in addit to other things, help the compani ensur that worker keep their skill sharp.th auto maker said the cutback will be particular appar in the celebr and cutlass ciera model lines. 
 a medalist spokesman said the compani hasn't had contact with bsn in a while and that bsn is leav it option open by say it might seek control of medalist while lower it stake.th file said that should bsn increas it stake, it may seek represent or even major represent on medalist board, or sell certain line of medalist busi "not complement bsn current businesses." 
 toyota alreadi make about 200 corolla fx and fx-16 model car a day in with general motor corp. at a joint ventur plant in fremont, calif.th engin in both those line are 1.6 liter. 
 the company, taken privat last year by it manag and merril lynch, also concern analysts.publ document indic that the compani earn are far behind projections, larg becaus of continu soft in the trailer and contain busi -- it princip lines. 
 at a nation hardwar show in chicago, the compani recent exhibit about 30 new power-tool product and an expand group of accessories.among them is a patent line of drill bit call "bullet," which the compani hope will have the same impact as it popular "piranha" line of circular saw blades. 
 sun microsystem inc., which previous sold it line of technic workstat through it own direct sale force, said it is sign up outsid resel to help it broaden distribution. 
 the product on display here have convinc particip that the industri will maintain this year 30% to 35% growth rate for at least a few month even if the rest of the economi falters.vari product have suppli some of the miss piec for intern busi machin corp. new line of person computers. 
 las vegas, nev. -- unisi corp. introduc a line of person comput that bring it up to date with competitor and give it a basi for expans in this field. 
 unisi lost 1/2 to 33 1/2.the comput maker introduc a line of person workstations. 
 for some, that mean offer bigger-ticket items, such as a $295,000 lynx coat.for others, it mean sell x-rat products, includ a line of anatom shape chocolates. 
 there even a tape "hot shopper" program in new york featur x-rat product for cable-dish owners.a produc say sale total $40,000 in september, but the line of anatom shape chocol had to be elimin becaus the candi melt dure shipment to a florida consumer. 
 the "extended" version of os/2 includ featur that make it far easier for person comput to talk to mainfram and extract data from them.it was promis at ibm april announc of it new line of person comput and is a major featur of ibm push to lock up the corpor market. 
 whenev they appear, the applic will final bring to a head a simmer war of word between ibm and it competitors, notabl compaq comput corp. of houston.ibm has been say it think the new softwar will run faster on it new line of comput than on competitors', but compaq and other have said ibm was just blow smoke. 
 ast said there was no recoveri of profits, damag or attorney fee in the settlement.th ibm lawsuit against ast is part of the comput maker aggress legal campaign to protect it new line of person comput from clones. 
 technolog stock were mixed.intern busi machin fell 2 5/8 to 121 7/8 although the comput maker said the oper system for it new line of person comput would be releas ahead of schedule. 
 christian lacroix flashy, billowi cloth are as cumbersom as the gown mari antoinett ladies-in-wait dress her in.last week, mr. lacroix, the hot french designer, brought his fall 1987 line here for a chariti fashion show at the world financi center in lower manhattan. 
 electrolux, which isn't affili with ab electrolux of sweden, has annual sale of about $400 million.a previous reported, the electrolux unit didn't fit with chicago-bas sara lee line in packag non-dur consum products. 
 orange-co inc., a citrus grower, processor and shipper, acquir it first juic line by purchas premium juic of florida inc., lakeland, fla. 
 occasionally, he even lose the grace and simplic that character his best work: in one set of coats, the shoulder are so awkward pad they look as if the coat hanger have been left in by mistake.market the zaitsev line here should be an enjoy challenge. 
 the group also said it would consid file with feder antitrust regul for clearanc to boost it stake.th group, which has held talk with invest banker regard some of the possibl actions, said it would consid sell certain atlas line and properties, should it gain control. 
 singer is consid by analyst to be an excel takeov target.whil the compani divestitur of it sew line last year was hail by sharehold and analysts, it top manag hasn't alway receiv the highest praise. 
 meanwhile, demand for the omni and horizon model is veri strong.sal of the subcompact rose sharpli after chrysler cut their price earli in 1986, but chrysler had to stop build them last march when it began retool the belvidere, ill., plant where they were made for a new line of luxuri cars. 
 one general motor corp. plant remain down for model changeov this week.th doraville, ga., plant will begin output of a new line of mid-siz car late next month, a compani spokeswoman said. 
 the latest results, which exceed analyst earn estim of about 81 cent a share, indic that compaq comput sold well even as competit from intern busi machin corp. heat up.ibm introduc a new line of comput april 2, but mani of the model weren't avail in larg quantiti until later in the summer. 
 singer share trade at a 52-week high of $59 in september.though analyst hail singer divestitur last year of it sew line, they still consid the compani to be an excel takeov target. 
 northern telecom ltd. said it is form a new ventur with two french concern to manufactur and distribut it sl1 line of privat branch exchang in france. 
 third-quart oper profit from tenneco energi busi rose to $101 million from $77 million a year earlier.it manufactur busi had a loss from oper of $52 million, compar with year-earli profit from oper of $101 million, on lower result from it newport news shipbuild unit and a "significant" deficit at it case ih tractor unit, which post loss from discount a line of tractors. 
 even the compani corpor symbol seem to take on a new significance.mr. hope wife, mary, was eager to see singer jimmi dean, who has lent his name to a line of the compani sausages. 
 the book with croak frog and other talk charact have also been delayed.mr. kingsborough still expect diversif to bear fruit, and some retail report that a line of school accessories, call class act, did well late this summer. 
 among other things, the pact was spur by investor confus about the market valu of minstar hodgepodg of businesses.minstar sport line includ ben hogan golf clubs, head tenni and ski equipment, and swim gear. 
 j.c. penney co., new york, said it store will no longer sell home electronics, hard sport goods, or photograph equipment.th retail plan to expand it women apparel lines. 
 the move is part of a continu strategi to focus on famili apparel and other soft good such as jewelry, cosmetics, shoes, and home accessori at it more than 1,400 store nationwide.th discontinu lines, which still will be avail in penney catalogs, repres about $550 million in total store sale for 1987, the compani said. 
 it would not estim sale volum for the year.in 1986, the line contribut 5.1% to store sales. 
 in 1986, the line contribut 5.1% to store sales.th compani estim that sale from ad apparel line will repres about two-third of the sale of discontinu hard goods. 
 the merchandis change, which involv redesign departments, will cost about $65 million.william r. howell, chairman and chief execut officer, said the chang was dictat larg by consum priorities, as well as the profit potenti in apparel lines. 
 uniroy goodrich tire co. is have a "tough year" becaus tire shipment to auto maker have declin 22% and raw-materi cost have increased, patrick c. ross, chairman and chief execut officer, said.th company, form in august 1986 in a merger of the tire unit of b.f. goodrich co. and uniroy inc., also is be hurt by product ineffici that aros when it introduc 24 new tire line in late 1986, mr. ross said in an interview. 
 the compani also had "difficulti and frustrations" mesh account and data-process systems, he said.but mr. ross said that the ad tire oper -- some of which fill hole in the compani line and some of which are new -- strengthen uniroy posit in replac and original-equip market as well as in the private-brand segment. 
 research industri corp. said a feder judg here upheld it right to sell a line of open-heart surgic cathet in a patent-infring suit against it by minnesota mine & manufactur co. 
 research industri corp. said a feder judg here upheld it right to sell a line of open-heart surgic cathet in a patent-infring suit against it by minnesota mine & manufactur co.th judg reject claim that the line infring on a minnesota mine patent, and the judg order the minneapoli compani to pay $600,000 in cost and attorney fees, research industri said. 
 the tender share repres about 96% of lamaur outstand shares, a spokesman for the chemic produc said.th acquisit give dow chemic a new consum product line. 
 these product current use rayon, cellulos and other synthet materi as absorbents.th compani drop it line of dispos diaper a few year ago. 
 industri offici expect ibm to negoti similar accord on intellig network with other intern switch maker in come months.ibm new desktop-publish packag consist of a printer, a circuit card, a "mouse" point devic and aldus pagemak softwar for use with the high-end version of it new line of person computers. 
 "most fast-food oper aren't true to their origin product anymor and that strategi is working," mr. rockwel said.h cite a new line of bagel introduc by pillsburi co. burger king corp. unit, a superbar buffet that includ italian and mexican item at wendi intern inc. and packag salad at mcdonald's. 
 a second 8% cut in august took nova product down to 550 car daily.in addit to the nova, new unit motors, also known as nummi, build 200 toyota fx model a day, but doesn't plan product cut of that line, the spokesman said. 
 some celebr do commerci announc tri hard to keep it a secret.actress kathleen turner read the line in a fab laundri deterg commerci earlier this year, and her contract specifi that her ident remain confidential. 
 meanwhile, mcdonnel dougla corp. is conduct it own propfan aircraft develop program.th st. louis-bas compani believ the program could bring propfan-pow deriv of it current md-80 line onto the market in earli 1991. 
 the maker of life-sci research equip had a net loss of $800,000 in the year-ago period."th two main line that we sell are molecular- and cell-biolog products, and both are do realli well world-wide," mr. thompson said in an interview. 
 whirlpool corp. said it form a joint ventur with sundaram-clayton ltd. of madras, india, to make a full line of major household appliances. 
 alliant comput system corp. introduc a comput to fill the gap in it line between it high-end and low-end machines. 
 the execut expect the compani onshor and offshor contract drill servic busi to have a "modest profit" for all of 1988.as reported, the compani is considering, among other options, spin off or sell the drilling-servic lines. 
 other wonder if gillett is boost near-term profit by action that will hurt futur profits.gillett is tri to dispel that notion by disclos plan to step up market in it sag toiletri business, such roll out a line of dri idea antiperspir for men. 
 sale in the buick divis tumbl 68% in earli octob compar with a year ago.buick sold onli 778 of it 1988 buick regals, the debut model in the newli introduc gm-10 line that gm is hope will increas the compani share of the midsiz car market. 
 at&t will announc today a technolog accord with sun microsystem that is intend to help at&t develop a new line of high-perform minicomput and workstations. 
 ncr corp. said it agre to acquir the printer unit of datagraphix, a divis of anacomp inc., for undisclos terms.th printer unit, which had revenu of about $30 million in 1986, market and servic a line of high-speed, non-impact printers. 
 the agreement is also an admiss by at&t that it bell lab research arm need help develop commerci comput products.at&t is expect to use the sun chip design as a blueprint for new chip that it will eventu make in-hous and use to power a new line of high-pow comput use the so-cal risc, or reduc instruct set comput technology. 
 earn for the quarter were on target, analyst said."al segment of their busi were up in sales, and they had an especi strong gain in their prescript line," said painewebb mr. nordmann. 
 despit appl emphasi of late on the busi market, school and student still repres a big slice of appl busi pie.indeed, appl origin appl ii comput line is still a mainstay in mani classrooms, account for near 40% of the compani total sales, analyst estimate. 
 such a move would bring gm practic into line with the account rule ford and chrysler use.in addition, gm has invest heavili in new factori machineri and in develop it gm-10 series, a new line of mid-siz car that begin with the 1988 buick regal. 
 indeed, the latest quarter was the first in which the compani post a profit from it person comput business.ncr recent expand it person comput line with three new comput and a workstation, includ one base on intel corp. power 80386 microprocessor. 
 first boston mr. milunovich said, "if there a risk for ncr, it in how well the market will accept the compani new products."h said that ncr 7000 line of termin -- use by retail and the food industri -- and it 9800 mainfram "are sell a littl below expectations. 
 the restructur should be complet in the next few weeks, he said, and could involv more layoffs.in addit to concentr on a few profit lines, mcdonnel douglas, an aircraft, aerospac and comput compani base in st. louis, has been narrow loss at the inform system group through cost reductions. 
 a mattel spokesman said it is target the infant and preschool toy market for expansion.h said that while the compani will continu to make other unrel toy for that market, all new product will be disney brand and will repres a "significant" portion of it preschool lines. 
 western digit said sampl of the chip use in it micro channel copi will be avail in january, and commerci quantiti of the chip will be avail a few month later.initially, the compani said, the chip will duplic the function of the micro channel just in the model 50 and 60, the medium-rang model in the new ibm line. 
 to be a legal copy, a devic has to be slight differ from it model, so there are sometim gap in a devic abil to mimic ibm equipment.clon of ibm initi line of person comput took time to catch on in the market, part becaus of horror stori about overblown promis of compat with ibm equipment. 
 for example, the bulk of ibm model 9370 shipment for the year -- which ibm estim at 5,000 unit -- will take place in the quarter.ibm also say that demand for it new ps/2 line of person comput "remain veri strong." 
 the book follow mingolla and his lover, a rebel name debora, as the two powerful, drug-enhanc psychic are suck into the war black labyrinths, which reek of blood and history.th book is the fifth in bantam new fiction line of origin trade paperback fiction, which was kick off this past summer. 
 clone of ibm new line of person comput could appear next summer follow a california firm announc that it has duplic a key devic insid the machines. 
 intern busi machin corp. introduc a line of telephone-switch devic that it hope will shore up it posit in the huge but fierc competit market. 
 ibm also said the devices, which basic replac it exist product line, will take up far less space, requir less power, and be much easier to modifi as time goe by and new featur becom available.armonk, n.y.-bas ibm is tri to switch the emphasi in the market to the ad featur avail on it line, so it can escap the price competit that has made life so tough for rolm. 
 american honda motor co. acura divis is increas base price on it 1988 legend car 1.5% to 7.9%.peugeot motor of america said base price for it entir 1988 model line will rise 1% to 9.9%. 
 the firm claim ibm has grant the japanes firm concess long deni to them.separately, ibm unveil a line of telephone-switch devices. 
 dealer and secur analyst said the move show that ibm overestim the demand for that product, but they weren't sure whether the move portend problem for other model in the new line.th model 60 is one of five model in ibm new ps/2 line of person computers, and ibm has said demand for the line as a whole has been extrem strong. 
 ibm cut the suggest retail price by $500, to $5,795 from $6,295, on the model 60 version with a hard disk drive that contain 70 megabytes, or rough 35,000 pages, of information.it cut by $300 the price to dealer on the machine, which is base on the intel corp. 80286 processor and is in the middl of the ibm line. 
 raytheon said result were aid by higher earn in electronics, particular in it defens business, and in it energi servic division, which was restructur last year.th compani said it major applianc division, which includ amana refrigerators, was essenti unchanged, while it aircraft product line "continu to be affect by weak market conditions." 
 clear they are get some of the cost out," she said.ms. landi note that ge in the quarter had a restructur provis equal to $54 million, or about three cent a share, relat to it applianc busi and certain consum lines. 
 the pepperidg farm divis of campbel soup is also tri to appeal to consum worri about heart ailments.it ad tout the fiber content of a new line of bread and note that "diet high in solubl fiber can help lower serum cholesterol, a risk factor for heart disease." 
 compaq comput chairman, benjamin rosen, recal an analyst blunt report the day after intern busi machin introduc a spiffi new line of comput in april. 
 "one of the most import thing drive the (stock) price up is compaq abil to increas the averag sell price (of their computers) ahead of the industry," say michael geran, an e.f. hutton analyst.also, some say compaq is benefit from ibm discontinu of most of it old line of person computers.compaq still make machin compat with ibm old line, and ibm move has "forc the world to go out and sampl the other guy product," say daniel benton, an analyst with goldman sachs. 
 softwar to take full advantag of the hardwar ibm introduc in april won't be avail until 1988 and later.mr. geran compar the situat to 1964, when ibm streamlin it line of mainfram comput and hand prosper to honeywel -- for 18 months, befor ibm bounc back. 
 h.j. heinz co. said it has reach an agreement in principl to acquir the pet food oper of california home brand hold inc. term weren't disclosed.california home brand pet food line consist primarili of can dog and cat foods, includ the skippi premium, vets, sturdy, petuna and glamour puss labels. 
 along with new menswear and children stores, limit plan separ store sell just it limit forenza label.it also will launch a line of limit lingeri that will compet with it victoria secret lingeri chain. 
 such move help cut cost as well as offer custom "more real choices" instead of lot of differ vehicl with similar features, say donald t. sullivan, former director of plan for chevrolet.chevrolet is also ad new equipment, particular in it truck line, which ford outsold in the 1987 model year by more than 200,000 vehicles. 
 "we think veri high of this," said roy d. burry, an analyst with kidder, peabodi & co."thes are both fair low return businesses" relat to american brand other lines. 
 digit equip corp., maynard, mass., and emc corp. agre to drop suit against each other as part of a settlement under which emc will be grant a licens to use some digit technology.digital, a comput company, su emc in u.s. district court in boston in 1985 charg that one line of emc comput memori product infring on digit patents. 
 westinghouse, a pittsburgh defens contractor, broadcast and electr product maker, said challeng had sale of about $275 million last year.th transact includ substanti all challeng oper and busi in the u.s., puerto rico and canada, with the except of certain busi in albemarle, n.c., includ it stab-lok line. 
 while mani compani usual see a 25% increas in revenu each september, he believ the increas this year could be about 35% and even as high as 40% in some cases.th reason, mr. erlap believes, is that corpor are through evalu ibm new line of person comput introduc in april and "an enorm amount of pentup demand has been let loose" as some custom go for ibm new machin and other go for ibm-compatibles. 
 gencorp inc. said it general tire unit will increas price on it replac tire line 2% to 5% effect nov. 2. 
 in those categori it will offer a rang of goods, from it tradit bargain-bas fare to item with higher qualiti and fashion, and higher price as well.th new thrust first becam evid two year ago, when k mart hire former "charli angels" star jaclyn smith to endors a new line of women wear design to shed the "polyest palace" imag of k mart apparel.in it first year, the jaclyn smith line reap $100 million of sale -- without reduc sale of k mart other women clothes. 
 ic industri has approxim 113 million share outstanding.invest sourc said other possibl bidder for ic may emerge, includ e-ii hold inc., the fledgl chicago-bas compani carv out of beatric cos. nonfood line in july. 
 led by such brand as old el paso mexican foods, progesso soup and whitman candies, pet has an estim breakup valu of more than $1 billion, analyst said.th compani other units, all profitable, includ mida intern corp. auto repair shops, pneumo abex corp. line of aircraft land gear and flight control and the bottl operations. 
 a 14-inch-long sleek plastic aircraft with curv wings, it even resembl draw i'v seen purport to show the super-secret lockhe stealth fighter.th littl plane is equip with a flashlight beam that can regist hit on other toy in a whole mattel toy line. 
 intern busi machin corp. will introduc an improv line of telephone-switch devic next tuesday, accord to industri sources. 
 in addition, he said, the unit carpet didn't fit into the compani strategi of push brand-nam products, such as it martex bed and bath product and burberri clothing.j.l. lanier jr., west point chairman and chief execut officer, said in a statement that the sale would provid fund to expand into more profit textil and apparel lines. 
 colorol also just finish sort out crown hous plc. mr. ashcroft sold crown hous engin interests, rais #57 million of the #87 million ($141.6 million) takeov price.to save the oper it want -- main tablewar line -- mr. ashcroft acceler his usual eight-week timet for reorgan acquir companies. 
 more recently, mark & spencer plc, britain largest retailer, paid what mr. ashcroft suggest could be a backhand tribut to coloroll.mark & spencer is tri to extend it st. michael in-hous brand to a recent creat line of home furnishings. 
 a mark & spencer spokesman said the major reason is colorol involv in it own shops, appar refer to a showcas retail outlet colorol open this year on london expens regent street, as well as colorol relat with other retailers.mr. ashcroft specul the decid factor may have been colorol move to start it own brand line of light and furniture. 
 sale rose 5% to $6.13 billion.critic has been grow among secur analyst that mr. stafford, whose experi is concentr in packaged-food lines, has done a poor job of manag pillsburi restaur operations. 
 six month after intern busi machin corp. introduc it new line of person comput amid firework and a rush of favor publicity, realiti has set in. 
 "most user are start to recogn that despit the hype, the . . . (new ibm line) offer no signific perform advantag over competitor (and) cost a lot more than most of them," william f. zachmann, an analyst at intern data corp., wrote recent in infoworld, a trade publication.k mart corp., for instance, investig the new ibm product but decid to buy clone of the ibm at -- the high end of the prior ibm line -- as part of a program that may involv 13,000 person computers. 
 much of the softwar that will take advantag of the micro channel won't be avail at least until 1989, and the onli way to truli test a copi is to run the new softwar on it.that issue, which is crucial to the fate of the ibm line, may not be resolv for anoth year or more. 
 unitrod state that the agenc said the concern procedur are now "in compliance."unitrode, base in lexington, mass., said it will resum ship product in novemb and will be back to full product of most of it line by january. 
 the new pathway clear some of the bottleneck of the pathway in other compaq computers, which are base on the design set by intern busi machin corp. with it ibm pc in 1981.the chang is signific becaus ibm made chang to the pathway -- which it call the "microchannel" -- in it new line of comput introduc in april. 
 mani school and compani make such purchas easier these day by sell new machin to student or employe and pass along volum discount of 25% to 45% that they get from the manufacturer.in addition, some compani that bought pcs and pc xts a few year ago and are now replac them will sell the machin -- the low end of ibm origin line of person comput -- to employe for a song. 
 in general, industri executives, analyst and member of user group say someon who want busi softwar will want to look at ibm-compat machines, and particular at tandi model introduc last month.a consum who doesn't know comput basic and want a machin that especi easi to use may want to look at the appl line, includ one of the macintosh introduc in march. 
 that hundr of dollar less than an actual ibm xt and onli slight more than most compar no-nam clones.ibm has stop produc pc xts as part of a bid to get the world to shift to the line it introduc in april. 
 but the risk of machin compat with the xt becom orphan appear small.xt-compat comput can run all exist softwar for ibm-compat machin and can be upgrad to run softwar written for an oper system that microsoft corp. is close to ship for the new ibm line. 
 for someon seek more power -- to handl a spreadsheet or a big data base, for exampl -- mani specialist recommend tandi 1000 tx.this comput is compat with the pc at, which repres the high end of ibm old personal-comput line. 
 but the compaq and ibm machin respond more to the need of busi than of home users.th ibm line, for instance, is design to make it easier to link person comput with each other and with a mainfram -- hard an issu in the home. 
 in ani case, the benefit of the ibm and compaq comput carri a hefti price: the machin cost sever hundr dollar to $1,000 more than the tandi 1000 tx."the perform of all the machin is pretti much the same, and the averag consum doesn't need the architectur of the new ibm line," say michel preston, an analyst at salomon brother inc. 
 it and the macintosh ii are aim primarili at the busi market and are a bit pricey, but their eas of use has attract some peopl buy for the home.becaus they have sold well, softwar compani have releas more program for the macintosh line, includ some solid busi software. 
 becaus they have sold well, softwar compani have releas more program for the macintosh line, includ some solid busi software.th macintosh ii, which is rough equival in power to the high end of the new ibm line, is overpow for the home market. 
 both compani will continu to oper separ outsid this country.san francisco-bas chevron for mani year has produc the ortho line of chemic products, which has had a difficult time in an increas competit business. 
 ibm will introduc an improv line of telephone-switch devic tuesday, sourc said. 
 to start with, microsoft is write os/2, which will enabl high-perform comput built around intel corp. 80286 microprocessor, such as ibm pc-at and most of it new ps/2 seri machines, to run sever program at once, and will make it possibl for sever connect machin to share the same program and data.microsoft is also building, along with os/2, what it call "present manager" softwar to handl on-screen graphic in a consist way for both person comput and ibm full line of larger computers. 
 the weapon would be launch from anti-submarin helicopt and plane as well as from surfac vessels.develop of the mark-50 began in 1983, as the navi recogn it would need a sophist successor to it current submarine-seek torpedo line. 
 "we plan to keep improv the product and build an industri around the product," say michael kolowich, lotus vice president, marketing.indeed, the compani has announc plan for two new version of 1-2-3 for the ibm pc line and compat systems. 
 compaq comput corp. is expect to introduc next week speedier version of it top-of-the-lin portabl and desktop computers.th move are compaq first product introduct sinc intern busi machin corp. revamp it person comput line in april and indic that compaq is follow it test strategi of tri to leapfrog ibm perform and concentr on high-pow busi computers. 
 "it'll give (the compaq entries) the amaz graphic that have so far been avail onli on workstations.and it should be better even than the improv graphic on the new ibm line," the sourc said. 
 it the first time you'll have a (person computer) with workstat power."whil compaq is improv it graphic to match advanc made by ibm in it april line, sourc said the compaq model won't mimic the most import chang in the new ibm comput -- the "microchannel," ibm term for the pathway between the part of the comput that actual perform comput and other part like the memory, storage, modem and printers. 
 in do so next week, compaq will be direct challeng ibm new line in the big busi market.that is a sign of compaq belief that buyer still aren't complet enamor of the new ibm line, and also, perhaps, that the new ibm comput are prove more difficult to copi both technic and legal than the old line. 
 the friend transact save lamaur from the hostil takeov campaign launch last month by alberto-culv co.at the same time, acquisit of the st. paul, minn., hair-car product concern give dow chemic a new consum product line. 
 the farmland to be purchas is develop for citrus groves, nut trees, tabl grape and a number of other products, castl & cook said.among the product ad to dole current line of pineapples, banana and various vegetables, it said, would be almond and pistachios, raisins, cherri and strawberries. 
 mr. murdock said that his compani see the growth of dole help to unifi "the fragment agricultur market industry" in the u.s.castl & cook will retain the morrow and hous of almond names, he said, and will review tenneco other line to determin which will be chang to the dole name. 
 the project includ sever expect one-tim transactions.profit from continu line will rise about 50%. 
 american home doesn't produc contracept spong or condoms, and it two oral contracept are face increas competit from generics.vli earlier this month introduc a line of condoms. 
 castle, a hold concern that also develop real estate, would assum about $16 million of debt in that purchase.th dole unit, which castl describ as the world largest processor of fresh fruit and vegetables, would add oliv and fig to it produc line with the purchas from apache. 
 igen biotechnolog inc. said it will build a $10 million facil to manufactur the compani clandosan line of natur chitin pesticid and organ fertilizers. 
 general motor corp. set the base price of it new buick regal -- first of a new line of midsiz car that is crucial for gm comeback effort -- 7.7% higher than the model it replaces. 
 that price tactic is expect to be use wide in the model year that begin thursday, becaus auto maker expect a sale declin next year and thus will tri to compens by boost profit per vehicle.th buick regal is the first of gm new line of midsiz car develop under the code name "gm-10." 
 the team machin would extend cray parallel processor architecture, which involv use more than one processor to simultan perform calcul on differ part of a larg problem.presum the machin would debut in the earli 1990s, after the cray-3 model from the compani other design line. 
 without 43-year-old mr. chen, the compani would have reli primarili on it founder and premier designer, 61-year-old seymour cray.hi machin differ signific from those on which mr. chen worked; late mr. chen line, call by the suffix mp for multipl processors, has been outsel mr. cray designs. 
 mr. rollwagen said that he has detect "no major fallout" from mr. chen departure, other than question such as, "what doe this mean for cray five year out?"cray now plan to unveil it y-mp addit to the mp line, the last machin mr. chen completed, earli next year. 
 nation theme, which has found that it hottest halloween costum are the one it design itself, also hope to appli that lesson to the crystal business.next year it will add it own crystal and pewter line to the item on this year shelves. 
 it is grant exclus distribut right to anoth compani for the first time.smith corona will continu to sell it full line under it own brand name in the u.k. 
 one of at&t most success intern ventur is convers systems.th columbus, ohio, unit has develop and is sell a line of machin cost between $20,000 and $80,000 that understand simpl command spoken into a telephone. 
 pathmark experi isn't unique.th problem often crop up in the household-clean and health-and-beauti product areas, where hefti advertis budget for nation line often make store brand look too cheap by comparison. 
 intern busi machin corp. is use the huge comput trade show here this week to tri to prove a much disput market claim of the past year and a half: that it ps/2 line of person comput realli doe offer uniqu benefits. 
 yet, even here, the impact is mix becaus there are fewer clone than were expect a few week ago, and they are main from little-known companies.ibm also unveil a new addit to it line of local area networks, or lans, which can lash togeth group of computers, even from differ makers. 
 the new product let inform move along ibm network at 16 million bit per second, quadrupl the previous rate, ibm said.also at the comdex show, commodor intern ltd. is show off two new comput in it amiga line, a less-vis but feisti rival to appl comput inc. macintosh in the market for easy-to-us machin with flashi graphics. 
 black and white generic good are dying.in one sign of the times, retail are replac them with a new breed of product that fall between the old generic and mainstream store lines. 
 "we want to bring privat label up from be a poor second cousin compar to nation brand to be on a par -- not just a cheap imitation," say david freedman, art director of the glaser firm.indeed, mani supermarket are trumpet in everi way they can that their main store brand are equal, if not superior, to nation advertis lines. 
 say a pillsburi spokesman, "whatev claim pathmark may make, we have serious doubt they can meet the qualiti of haagen-dazs."th biggest risk are with a new generat of premium store line that are even more upscal than nation brands.sever year ago, grand union, wit brisk sale of specialti import foods, introduc laurent, it own line of fanci fare. 
 nevertheless, with profit margin higher on upscal than mainstream store brands, mani chain are follow suit.a&p got into the act this summer when it start roll out a line of jams, pasta and other foodstuff call master choice, an effort to fill what the compani see as a price gap between cost import brand and mass-market nation lines. 
 a special panel of rjr nabisco inc. director question presid f. ross johnson and some top lieuten yesterday about the state of the compani businesses.th session was part of the panel "due diligence" process, as it seek to evalu rjr food and tobacco line and lay the groundwork for consid bid for them. 
 this is the strang tale of how the biggest name in muscles, nautilus sports/med industri inc., lost it strength.th compani was found in 1970 by arthur jones, an eccentr former wild-anim import who had invent a revolutionari line of exercis machines. 
 with mr. jone distracted, nautilus fumbl effort to come up with new product of it own.a line of machin for home use bomb with would-b consum and anger nautilus tradit custom -- health club -- which saw the new machin as a threat to their business. 
 they blame their troubl on mr. jone and on since-depart nautilus execut (their own people, not jone holdovers), who they say spent too aggress in the diversif effort.and they are upbeat about new product -- a line of exercis machin for handicap peopl and computer medic machin design to diagnos and treat bad back (in competit with mr. jone new device) and other maladies."we'r excit about the medic line," say mr. bonney. 
 one area of expans will be licens agreement with other apparel companies.thi year, for example, playtex apparel inc. licens the gitano label for a line of fashion bras in the $6 to $8 rang to complement playtex basic $15 bras. 
 he maintain that forstmann littl has act with "total integrity" and "we need no advic from you in this regard."separately, quaker oat co. chairman and chief execut officer, william d. smithburg, said he would be interest in ani rjr busi put up for sale that relat to the chicago concern own lines. 
 william e. stevens, execut vice president, proud describ how the compani has reduc the lineup of motor it make for it power tool to about a dozen model from more than 50.recently, a revamp line of under-the-cabinet spacemak kitchen applianc was given a sleek, european look that won a top award from the industri design societi of america. 
 he had come from beatric cos., where he head the consum durabl group.at black & decker, he found aging, ineffici plants, shabbi sale efforts, and an undernourish line of small household applianc recent acquir from general electr co. 
 the compani promis anoth breakthrough in such accessori within the year.similarly, it recent roll out thundervolt, a line of power tool driven by a batteri pack that a user wear on a belt.th line is aim at industri and construct users. 
 similarly, black & decker is face it japanes competit head-on.last month it sign an agreement with shin-daiwa kogyo ltd. to market a special line of black & decker profession power tool in japan. 
 it was also wrong.a franchise in ani line are quick to point out, they own their businesses. 
 mr. amerman said both of mattel core brands, barbi and hot wheels, are sell well in retail stores.th compani line of infant and preschool product featur disney-licens charact and it new larg doll, li'l miss makeup, are also sell briskly. 
 but nestl isn't without it worries.som line have been lose market share as competit mounts. 
 national, base in santa clara, calif., meanwhile, said it expect it loss to result from a "sharp decline" in chip book and sale for the current quarter.thi forecast surpris some industri analysts, who were told by nation chief execut officer, charl sporck, last month that all but two of nation chip line are profitable. 
 as part of the transaction, at&t will obtain exclus technolog and market right to harri vsat earth station that it current markets.it also will acquir all exist inventory, test system and relat equip of the vsat line. 
 seiko instrument usa inc., torrance, calif., said it has reach a joint agreement with kisho corp. of japan to develop and market a line of consum audio product for the u.s. market. 
 seiko instrument usa inc., torrance, calif., said it has reach a joint agreement with kisho corp. of japan to develop and market a line of consum audio product for the u.s. market.seiko, the u.s. unit of seiko instrument inc., said the consum product will includ a line of audio compact disk players, portabl radio/cassett players, person cassett player and home compact disk bookshelf systems. 
 revlon, a unit of cosmet concern revlon group inc. of new york, said the fragranc should be on the market by fall, but the compani hasn't decid on price or distribution.fragr connect with line of design wear or cloth manufactur have becom popular recently. 
 fragranc link with gloria vanderbilt, calvin klein, ralph lauren and other have done well, as has colors, a fragranc launch last year by benetton.but andrew shore, a shearson lehman hutton analyst, note that a success line of cloth doesn't necessarili mean a fragranc will do well. 
 egyptair, the nation carrier of egypt, place an order total $20 million.tot order for the engin involved, pratt pw4000 line, have reach near $6 billion. 
 but it is testimoni to race conservativ that the innov draw the biggest cheer touch onli the hors skin and hoofs.on is a new line of jockey silk design under the aeroform label by rhonda allen, a sculptor whose husband, joe, own horses. 
 as for one of a klein, uncl gene opin that she'd be back, health permitting, to win again."w could start a whole line of klein horses," he mused. 
 such brand as citrus hill orang juic and pringl potato chips, for instance, have struggled.for ralston purina, combin nabisco cereal line with it own line could rais it market share almost to that of general food inc. post brand, the nation no. 3 cereal maker.nabisco make shred wheat and cream of wheat, while ralston cereal line includ chex cereals. 
 h.j. heinz co., seek to expand as a world market of fish product and to broaden it pet food line, is divid it star-kist food inc. unit into two separ oper affiliates. 
 he also contend the $900 million-a-year can dog food busi "is show slight-to-moder growth and is suffici larg to be attractive, especi becaus it appear to be undermarketed."heinz, which has sharpli increas it dog food busi through recent acquisitions, current is test it own line of can dog food. 
 so yesterday fall stun some analysts.it came after the austin, texas, company, which design and rent a line of special bed for the acut ill, report third-quart per-shar earn of 15 cents, compar with nine cent befor an extraordinari item the year earlier. 
 sale rose 15% to $200.2 million from $173.9 million.commodor chairman, irv gould, said the latest result reflect signific expans in sale from commodor expand product mix in it line of amiga person computers, the ms-dos person comput compat and tradit c64/ c128d comput in europe, north america and australia. 
 the company, a unit of north american philip corp., which in turn is a new york-bas subsidiari of n.v. philip of the netherlands, was charg with claim that the devic made tap water cleaner, even though norelco knew that methylen chlorid leach into the water from a glue use in the applianc filter, the commiss said.th compani learn of the problem in 1982 from consum report magazin and develop a new filter, but it continu to sell the initi filter line for three years, the commiss charged. 
 but the center for auto safeti say the winnebago diesel may have the highest percentag of defect of ani vehicl sinc 1969, when the nonprofit consum group was formed.th center estim that of the 7,800 winnebago diesel sold befor the line was drop in 1986, one in two is a "mechan lemon." 
 clarenc m. ditlow iii, execut director, say the ratio of problem vehicl rival onli that of the diesel car made by general motor corp. in the late 1970s and earli 1980s.the winnebago diesel line is "one of the worst, if not the worst," of all vehicles, mr. ditlow says. 
 a year earlier, net incom was $87 million, or $1.39 a share.th latest period deficit reflect a $51.9 million loss from discontinu operations, larg from loss in the multipl employ trust group health line. 
 the compani said it acquir the pizza busi when it consum product unit, dial corp., bought the consum product divis of purex industri three year ago for an undisclos amount.ellio was dial onli line of frozen-food products. 
 instead, charl sporck, nation presid and chief execut officer, focus on the compani huge semiconductor operations.hi speech includ previous undisclos detail on the size and profit of nation various chip lines. 
 that price, he said, would be rough $350 million.sever analyst said mr. sporck detail comment friday on nation chip line were meant to pave the way for the sale of nas. 
 as manufactur get bigger, they are like to pour more money into the battl for shelf space, rais the ant for new players.but even the consolid food giant would still lack the clout to complet derail retail demand or to tip the balanc of power back toward manufacturers. (in the case of kraft, for example, the compani pay slot fee onli on it frozen food line. 
 in anoth uncharacterist move, digit decid to buy a microprocessor from mip comput system inc., sunnyvale, calif., to produc a power workstat that use the industri standard unix oper system.th decis meant cancel digit own project to build a microprocessor and a departur from it messag of compat across the whole comput line. 
 the quarter also includ a $14 million write-down for cost associ with the compani credit-insur business.th compani recent announc plan to discontinu that line. 
 in nation over-the-count trading, appli biosystem rose 75 cent to $25.25.appli biosystems, which pioneer the make of so-cal "pick and axe for the biotechnolog gold rush," produc a line of more than two dozen autom machin plus chemic reagent for the analysi and synthesi of gene and protein by commerci and academ laboratories. 
 u.s. shoe corp. and lesli fay cos. announc a licens agreement in which u.s. shoe will make and sell a line of lesli fay footwear. 
 term weren't disclosed.th line will be made in the u.s. and introduc in februari for the fall 1989 season, the compani said. 
 the fragranc foundat list at least 45 for this year and next."th market mission today is to be abl to steal share of market from exist business," say martin danielson of parlux ltd., new york, which will launch the joan collin line this spring. 
 mr. hirsh said he recent resign from the partnership.in addit to own the vanderbilt line, murjani last august sign a licens agreement with chrysler corp. to market the jeep trademark on a broad rang of consum products, slate for deliveri next spring.murjani also has major ownership of tommi hilfiger, a struggl men sportswear brand, and coca cola clothes, a sportswear line that a murjani spokesman describ as "fizzl in the u.s. but still sell abroad." 
 it premium price "metal bar" dispos shaver, which stretch the skin as it shaves, is now be shipped.b plan to introduc it first line of perfumes, which will be aim at the mass market, in the 1989 first quarter. 
 the huge japanes trade compani has been consid join the buy-out effort for about two weeks, accord to japanes bankers, but the compani hasn't yet made a decision.th banker say that mitsubishi is interest in certain of rjr food lines. 
 mazda motor corp., which just launch it first u.s. minivan, recent discontinu the wagon version of it 323 subcompact car.gm chevrolet divis won't have a station wagon in it new lumina line of midsiz vehicles, which includ a sedan, coup and an "all-purpos vehicle." 
 station wagon won't disappear, however.chevrolet will continu to produc the midsiz celebr wagon after it roll out the lumina line. 
 hallmark card inc. said it reach an agreement to settl a two-year disput involv a line of it card that resembl those of blue mountain arts, a small boulder, colo., concern. 
 hallmark card inc. said it reach an agreement to settl a two-year disput involv a line of it card that resembl those of blue mountain arts, a small boulder, colo., concern.a previous reported, blue mountain su hallmark for trademark violations, contend that it person touch line of card was too similar to blue mountain art products. 
 last week, the suprem court left intact a preliminari injunct that bar hallmark from sell 83 "person touch" cards.a part of the settlement, hallmark said it will introduc a greet card line with a new name that will replac the person touch line and agre not to infring blue mountain trade dress. 
 in boulder, bob gall, general manag of blue mountain arts, said the compani is elat that it creativ design are protect and that "we can get back to publish card without fear of be copied."mr. gall said blue mountain publish about 100 differ card under the line it had charg hallmark with copying. 
 the compani declin to disclos the potenti buyers.if it were to sell the building-materi line, the compani said it would expect to report a one-tim $10 million after-tax loss.th line consist of the 35-store lloyd chain of retail home-improv centers, locat main in southern connecticut and in westchester, n.y. 
 it a good fit."in the u.s., hoover vacuum cleaner line will fill a gap in maytag offerings. 
 chicago pacif also has a furnitur operation, which analyst note is an awkward fit with maytag applianc focus, and which like will be sold to help financ the acquisition.th furnitur line could fetch about $300 million, estim mr. ryan of merril lynch. 
 and as they got more involv in the spirit of the season, adult costum parti evolv as a tonic for bore yuppies.adult halloween parti have balloon 25% in the past three years, estim hallmark card inc., which introduc a line of halloween gift and novelti two year ago. 
 but he plummet almost overnight both in rate and sales, forc store to institut steep markdowns.retail are alreadi worri that last year high-roller, pumpkin product oh lantern line of grotesque, polyurethan pumpkin faces, is head the same way. 
 retail are alreadi worri that last year high-roller, pumpkin product oh lantern line of grotesque, polyurethan pumpkin faces, is head the same way.marc firestone, vice presid of sale for fireston & associates, which sell the oh lantern line to retailers, contend that "there is noth wrong with sell a pumpkin in april." 
 meanwhile, standard and poor place west point $80 million of senior debt on it creditwatch list and said the secur could be downgrad if mr. farley bid succeed or if the compani pursu expect measur to remain independent.for his part, mr. farley said in a file with the secur and exchang commiss that he intend to sell west point apparel, apparel fabric and industri fabric lines.h would keep the compani sheet and towel lines, which are the crown jewel of company. 
 moreover, the sheet and towel busi is consid fair recession-proof and provid high profit margins.in keep the sheet and towel business, mr. farley would inherit west point martex and ladi pepperel brand name as well as the utica and tastemak line that origin were develop by stevens. 
 sale at sear store open at least a year actual declin slight in the quarter, analyst said.and profit was hurt by higher markdown in apparel at the stores, and in sever line of catalog merchandis sear is tri to clear out befor discontinuing. 
 the third quarter is typic the strongest one of the year for toy maker becaus the bulk of christma order are ship dure the period.galoob said it saw strong demand for it micro machines, a line of miniatur car that retail for about $4.it also cite demand for a line of doll call bouncin babies, retail for under $10, that it began ship in july. 
 micro machin are expect to account for about 40% of galoob sale this year, spark renew interest in the market for die-cast cars, as plastic action figur for boy have fallen out of favor.micro machin are like to continu strong through the christma season, but analyst say next year the line will face stiff competit from other toy makers, includ new offer from univers matchbox group ltd. matchbox toy and mattel hot wheel line. 
 this was a nebraska where "carriag and conestoga wagon alik wallow to the hub in the black mud," where the arikara and the sioux and the comanch were "anger at the slaughter of the buffalo, at the steel rail point west."mani of the volum in the bison line are like "the lieuten lady," best seller reclaim from the past through photograph reproduct of earlier editions. 
 you'v creat such a clutter that i don't know what to use.'thi kind of confus will lend itself to some pretti negat posit for some lines." 
 lopid could have been a billion-dollar-a-year seller but now look like a $300 million drug, one investor says.ther talk that the new york investor ronald perelman, among others, might want warner-lambert for it over-the-count drug lines. 
 sale at sear store open at least a year declin slight for the quarter, analyst said.and profit were hurt by higher markdown on apparel at the store and on sever line of catalog merchandis sear is tri to clear out befor eliminating, the analyst said. 
 mr. trugman left to assum the top post at del.gener microwav instrument line is particular attract to del, a maker of high-voltag power-convers devices. 
 kraft reject philip morri $90-a-shar offer and said it is develop a recapit plan worth at least $110 a share.th plan, which would forc kraft to sell some line and would boost it debt over tenfold, call for the compani to distribut about $98 a share, or near $12.5 billion, in cash and secur while let holder keep their stock. 
 but if the johnson-l group were to win the compani with a higher bid, it would have to do much the same.th $75-a-shar offer contempl keep the tobacco line and the best part of nabisco brands, if proceed from certain asset sale and financ term allow it. 
 mr. jacob said he didn't intend to use the borrow in anoth takeover.th transact also call for volvo north america marin division, volvo penta of america, to suppli as much as 20% of the engin for genmar boat line through june 30, 1991. 
 ashton-t corp. and digit equip corp. will announc today plan to co-develop version of ashton popular dbase person comput databas manag softwar for digit line of minicomputers. 
 "our custom would like simpler train for user and consist program from the termin to the pc, to the workstation, to the corpor comput level," said henri ancona, vice presid of the busi and offic inform system group at digital, base in maynard, mass."thi will provid for a common set of databas languag tool for the whole line." 
 he is "very, veri impressed," he says, by the perform to date of mr. sege heir apparent, norman h. pond, who was brought in as presid last decemb and is credit with mani of varian cost-cut measures.whil varian deriv much more than half it sale from a divers line of other electron products, it fortun tend to rise and fall on the health of it semiconductor-manufactur equip group, which move in tandem with the volatil semiconductor industry. 
 digit equip corp. introduc two microvax comput systems, to bolster the low end of it minicomput line. 
 domen lacava, digit group vice presid for low-end systems, said the microvax 3400 has 50% more perform than an as/400 b40 "for onli 60% of the cost."th new digit comput will replac the upper rang of it microvax ii line, provid twice the perform for the same price, mr. lacava said. 
 a second button open the trunk remotely.code-alarm also is develop a line of home-secur systems, which it say will get some of the proceed from the new stock offering. 
 and in the test stage now are kool shots, a liquid-concentr version, and kool-aid sport koolers, for young jocks.lin extension, this is called. 
 philip morri is a master of it, sell it famous cigarett brand not just as ordinari smoke but as lights, menthols, kings, slims.if philip morri succeed in it bid to add a host of kraft brand to it alreadi huge line of general food products, consum could face ever more such slight variat on a familiar theme. 
 larg food compani alreadi vari their best-known product this way, but compani in philip morri busi are the real experts."tobacco compani are heavili into line extensions," say al ries, chairman of trout & rie inc., a new york market strategi firm. 
 "there is no lack of adventur or innov in general foods," he says, note that it has introduc 75 new product as a philip morri unit.in particular, he cite culinova, a new line of refriger entrees, and ready-to-eat jell-o pud dessert. 
 for all it potential, the philip morri strategi of accumul well-known brand carri certain risks.ultimately, stretch a brand to it limit with line extens can erod brand loyalti if manag tri to make the brand all thing to all consumers. 
 kraft itself recent learn that lesson the hard way, after it 1984 acquisit of the celesti season herbal-tea company.it aggress extend the line, market 34 flavor from cranberri cove to grandma tummi mint. 
 but put the celesti season imprimatur on mix seasonings, salad dress -- and even cosmet -- prove a blunder.last year, with celesti bare profit despit $38 million of sales, kraft sold the line to a manag group. 
 for instance, wisconsin canner stoke usa inc. is fight a david vs.goliath battl with general food and kraft for freezer-cas space for it compet line of single-serv vegetables. 
 intern pharmaceut oper gain in sever product areas.high u.s. consumer-product sale reflect gain from foot-car product and the maybellin cosmet line. 
 foreign produc work hard to establish themselv in the u.s. market and won't give up their gain without a fight.a was the case in some consum lines, foreign produc drove mani u.s. compani out of busi in some industries, such as in certain line of advanc construction, print and textil machinery. 
 last year, the food division, which contribut about 10% of coca-cola profit, post a loss becaus of restructur expenses.whil the unit has reorganized, cut cost and taken bold new-product step recent by introduc premium choice, a top-of-th line chill juic product, analyst don't expect the divis to contribut signific to profit anytim soon. 
 she current is field more than 20 endors offer from apparel, cosmetics, soft drink and other companies, say her person manager, gordon baskin.on possibl is a flo-jo doll line from mca inc. "florenc is differ becaus she beautiful, she excel as an athlet and she has flair," mr. baskin says. 
 the propos merger would creat a giant with $20 billion in annual sale and some of the best known trademark in america.th general food unit, acquir for $5.7 billion three year ago, own the maxwel house, jell-o and kool-aid lines. 
 both compani said order fell in the period, caus the more sober outlooks.taken together, the two concern make a broad line of comput products, rang from larg mainfram to mid-siz workstat and smaller, special person computers. 
 unisi has generat impress earn growth larg through cost-cutting, but it can't continu to improv it perform that way much longer.w. michael blumenthal, unisi chairman, said custom wait to order the compani new 2200 seri computers, which begin shipment next spring, and hold off buy it older 1100 line account for part of unisi order declines. 
 a. schulman inc., an akron, ohio, supplier of plastic compound and resins, said it agre with mitsubishi kasei vinyl of tokyo to form a partnership, sunpren co., which will make a new line of polyvinyl chlorid thermoplast compound for the north american auto market. 
 at kraft, base in glenview, ill., mr. mile has been credit with a string of success such as a "light" version of philadelphia brand cream cheese, and with introduc product and rais sale and profit in the high competit dairi business, which includ such brand as frusen gladj ice cream.mr. mile has step up annual volum growth on sever of kraft brand to about 4% a year from 1%, larg through line extens -- new version of exist products. 
 vw dealer in the u.s. hail the chang as a much-need breath of fresh air for an automot organ on it knees."i think volkswagen has a realli tough time compet in the u.s. and they'r go to have to assess how they can realist keep up here," said j. rick hendrick iii, a big north carolina dealer who sell vw volkswagen and audi lines. 
 last year alone, audi lost an estim $341 million in the u.s. even an infus of sever new model in the past year and a heavili market extend servic warranti program have fail to halt the slide.whil not subject to such jar problems, the volkswagen line has seen it once-domin posit in the u.s. import small-car market evaporate. 
 bausch & lomb inc. said it will build a sunglass assembl and distribut facil in san antonio, texas, to keep up with strong demand for it ray-ban line of sunglasses. 
 even the lowli wastebasket can be made over.king-casey inc., a new canaan, conn., design and market firm, interview 2,000 consum about their dissatisfact with wastebasket and incorpor the result in a new line of trash contain for mobil chemic co., produc of hefti trash bags. 
 "unfortunately, sale induc are becom a more practic part of the business."th gm incent are in addit to discount leas program that the no. 1 auto maker offer on about 20 of it 1989 car and truck lines. 
 unisi corp. said it introduc sever product in it btos line of comput workstations, includ a workstation, a graphic processor and software. 
 takasago result odor have provid the basi for two bath-product line -- includ bubbl bath and bath oils, soap and talc -- from avon product inc. tranquil moments, a floral bath line introduc in 1986, suppos relax bathers.it success prompt avon last year to unveil reveille, a citrus floral bath line with "revitalizing" effects. 
 waldenbook store display longmeadow book lavish and keep pageant book on their shelv more than twice as long as other paperbacks."we'v given pageant more space becaus we'r tri to prove some points, to show that you can creat a publish line by promot it properly," mr. hoffman says. 
 the compani proceed from the offer will be use for work capital, product develop and other corpor purposes, includ possibl acquisitions.th compani develop and sell a line of interact comput game for person comput made by intern busi machin corp. and by appl comput inc. 
 it alreadi sell about 300 of the garment a year, main for industri worker to wear under heavi suit for hazard materi handling, but also for race car drivers, armor vehicl crew in the canadian army, and isra tank crew who are put the suit through desert trials.th line is "mild profitable," say bill elkins, president. 
 mr. shaffer said rohm & haa had earn gain in the latest quarter in it largest segment, which consist of polymers, resin and monomers, and in it second largest segment, industri chemicals.but plastic segment earn lag behind those of a year earlier becaus of a gain on the sale of the compani kydex plastic sheet line in 1987. 
 a spokesman at general tire, akron, said the problem was exacerb becaus the intens battl among the global produc to increas market share kept price down.h said general tire had difficulti get price increas to hold despit tight suppli in some lines. 
 mr. arguetti said anoth reason for the compani perform was jan bell improv product mix.jan bell recent began sell a line of watches. 
 weight watcher intern inc. accus stouffer corp. of unfair tip the scale in favor of stouffer lean cuisin food line in advertisements. 
 in a suit file in feder court in manhattan, weight watchers, a weight-loss busi base in new york, accus stouffer of unfair use it trademark name in lean cuisin ads.weight watchers, a unit of h.j. heinz co., pittsburgh, also has a line of low-calori foods. 
 it one further step away from the wire supplier imag of the old radio shack."th agreement will give digit sale forc a line of low-priced, ibm-compat person comput to sell to big customers. 
 power-tool sale have been brisk, he said, and the compani "has been bring out home-run product in the accessori area, such as the bullet pilot point drill bit and piranha saw blade."h expect the compani to unveil anoth signific accessori line earli next year. 
 norman g. fosback, editor of new issu newsletter, say gitano is "attractive" at 18.start-up cost for gitano new menswear line and the unfavor retail climat are drawbacks, say mr. fosback. 
 well almost.earli this year, malcolm s. forbes, forb magazin editor-in-chief, gave her a purpl harley to celebr her new perfum line, "elizabeth taylor passion." 
 there are no other negoti take place for the time being."chrysl hope that the program will increas sale of it own car in dealership that carri the alfa romeo line by increas showroom traffic, gerald greenwald, chairman of the chrysler corp. unit said. 
 ford motor co., for example, announc yesterday it will offer leas discount to consum on seven of it 1989 model car and all of it compact and full-siz pickup truck through the end of the year.th move follow by about a week a similar announc from general motor corp. of special leas discount on about 20 of it car and truck lines. 
 chrysler new program offer custom a choic between interest rate as low as 7.8% and rebat rang between $300 and $1,500.the 1989 model car includ in the program are the subcompact omni and horizon and the compact ari and reliant, which will be replac start this januari with a new line of midsiz cars; the eagl premier and medallion, which haven't been sell up to the compani expectations; and the japanese-built conquest tsi sport car. 
 the new manag last month sold schering-plough it u.s. contact-len care solut busi for $40 million.stil on the block are cooper diagnost business, it plastic and reconstruct surgic product operation, and it remain optometr lines, which includ it contact len business. 
 but he said lender are "work hard to find a viabl way to continu to support this company."th former zayr corp. chairman also said regina has temporarili stop sell both it stutz vacuum cleaners, which in juli began sell through dealer to small vacuum-clean shops, and it more expens cambridg line of cleaners, which began limit distribut in depart store last summer. 
 digit equip will buy tandi comput and sell them under it own label.th pact boost tandi imag and give digit a competitive, ibm-compat line. 
 overall, though, scott has made headway by hold down product cost and avoid the premium segment of the market, where rival such as procter & gambl excel.instead, scott has stuck to it economi line, emphas basic consum valu such as more sheet per roll and more roll per pack. 
 mr. lippincott explains, "it isn't easi to walk out with one of those roll under your arm."in the past two years, scott has extend the jumbo concept to includ a line of paper towel and soap dispensers. 
 data general corp. introduc a line of high-perform superminicomput that vault it past archriv digit equip corp. in the midrange-comput perform race. 
 speed can be increas by ad as mani as three more central processors, produc a $1.5 million comput that handl as mani as 50 mips.bi contrast, digit high-end line, which span about the same price range, handl from six mip to 24 mips. 
 most vintner suffer even sharper declin as the industri leaders, seagram co. and e & j gallo winery, gain market share at the expens of rivals.in the past six month alone, california cooler, a unit of brown-forman beverag co., revamp it entir cooler line and spent $20 million to promot it. 
 the agreement mark a signific move by digital, the second-largest u.s. comput maker, repeat fault when it has tri to sell it own person computers.tandy, base in fort worth, texas, manufactur a broad line of comput that are compat with those made by intern busi machin corp., and it sell them through it radio shack stores. 
 when mr. arnault began invest in moet vuitton, there were rumor he would seek direct control of dior perfumes.mr. arnault has said he is interest in moet vuitton itself, not just the perfum line. 
 regina co. problem with defect vacuum cleaner appar involv more than it housekeep and housekeep plus lines, accord to a judg opinion. 
 the judg opinion said one reason for his leav was distress over the compani failur to correct problem with the machine.defect equip and a high rate of return in the housekeep and housekeep plus line have appar contribut to regina recent financi problems. 
 last week the compani announc that it fiscal 1988 result were materi incorrect, and that it expect to report a loss for it current fiscal quarter, revers previous posit earn project by donald sheelen, who resign as chairman last week.regina has made impress sale inroad in the vacuum cleaner busi in recent year with it low-pric model aim at discount stores; the stutz line is more expens and will be sold in specialti stores. 
 regina has made impress sale inroad in the vacuum cleaner busi in recent year with it low-pric model aim at discount stores; the stutz line is more expens and will be sold in specialti stores.a memorandum submit by regina about it stutz line of cleaner was order seal for competit reasons. 
 individu familiar with regina note that the stutz cleaner hadn't been introduc until after the close of the compani 1988 fiscal year; the compani has withdrawn financi figur for that period as materi incorrect.nevertheless, the difficulti with the stutz line suggest other possibl problem for dealer caus by faulti equipment. 
 nevertheless, the difficulti with the stutz line suggest other possibl problem for dealer caus by faulti equipment.in deni the compani request for an injunction, the court note that mr. geehr new job involv sell commerci equip that doesn't compet with regina consum line, and that there was no evid that he plan to disclos trade secrets. 
 ford motor co., dearborn, mich., said it is discontinu it merkur xr4ti line at the end of 1989 model year. 
 chrysler, however, will have to "struggl like hell" to retain the 11% car-market share it earn in 1988, mr. greenwald acknowledged, larg becaus it will have limit avail of some import model as it shift product site and add new products, includ the spirit and acclaim midsiz model that begin replac ari and reliant k car in january.lloyd e. reuss, execut vice presid for gm north american automot operations, predict the no. 1 auto maker will pick up "a point or two" in car and truck market share in 1989, part becaus of gradual increas sale for the compani so-cal gm-10 cars, a line of midsize, front-wheel-dr car that initi sold below the compani expectations. 
 the fee were first challeng by mid-america pipelin co., a mapco inc. unit.th case is signific becaus it is the latest in a line of suprem court appeal rais question about the separ of power under the constitution. 
 honda motor co. will introduc a super-luxuri car in it acura line within the next coupl of years, two top execut said, and later probabl will enter two market segment -- minivan and entry-level cars. 
 time mirror acquir dorsey press as part of it $135 million purchas earlier this year of richard d. irwin inc., a colleg textbook publish concern, from dow jone & co. dorsey press publish social scienc colleg textbooks.a spokeswoman for time mirror said the sale was made becaus dorsey press oper weren't consist with time mirror core colleg and profession textbook lines, which are primarili for cours in accounting, law, medicine, marketing, manag and economics. 
 advanc micro devic inc. said japan hitachi ltd. will use the sunnyvale, calif., compani am29000 microprocessor chip as the heart of a new line of medic instruments. 
 the japanes auto maker will discontinu the charad csx, at $9,232 now the costliest of the three model it sell in the u.s. and the most sporti daihatsu, with air condit and a premium stereo system as standard features.in it place, daihatsu will offer the charad ces at a $6,197 base price, lowest in the line. 
 if that is in the ball park, investor buy xerox share today would pay onli about $1.4 billion, or less than $14 a share, for the compani copier and document process machin businesses.in a takeover, ms. sloat think xerox business-product line might fetch $85 a share, or 6.5 time cash flow from operations. 
 at the same time, it hope to attract new buyer by introduc new comput that use industri standard microprocessor and the unix oper system.it is expect to introduc upgrad version of it mv line next week. 
 mani execut at ibm hold stock options, he said, and "a lot of option are under water there," have been award when the price was a good deal higher.ibm has undertaken a massiv cost-control program, so far reach into it manufactur and market line and involv substanti staff cut and some plant closings. 
 l.a. gear backlog at aug. 31 was $55 million, up from $9 million a year ago.mr. horowitz attribut the strong earn growth to increas demand for the compani shoes, includ it recent introduc men line. 
 to take on other compani at this time in our life doesn't seem wise."th compani has been ad to it apparel business, with a line of jean and plan for a line of watches. 
 it is be squeez by asian competit in the compani tradit office-equip market.sal of a new line of minicomput haven't met the compani projections. 
 in the previous fiscal year, porsch profit fell 31%, to 51.9 million marks.th auto maker said unit sale have improv in recent month and that it expect increas demand for it car and improv earn in the current fiscal year, base on modif of it model line and spend reductions. 
 donald harnett, graham-field chief financi officer, said the compani share market and custom base with lumex unit.th lumex division, with about $37 million in annual sales, emphas durabl medic equipment, a good complement for graham-field disposable-equip lines, he added. 
 the merger propos would involv subsidiari of a compani control by mr. picow and montgomeri medic as well as control therapeut corp., a close held compani to which a montgomeri medic affili has provid ventur capital.control therapeutic, a develop company, hold a licens for a line of polym design to allow precis administr of pharmaceut without the need for mechan equipment. 
 trade book are all book sold direct to consum in book store and through mail orders.mcgraw-hil note that the colleg divis strength in social sciences, human and foreign languag will complement it own line of business, account and engin books. 
 seven year ago, 90% would have found it unprintable.attention, imelda marcos: a new line of number made-to-ord design shoe from charl jourdan cost up to $4,000 a pair. 
 poor qualiti and an unusu high rate of vacuum cleaner return may have contribut signific to regina co. recent disclos financi problems.interview with retail and vacuum cleaner industri execut indic that sever of regina housekeep cleaner line have had high rate of return, bring into question the compani sale figures. 
 problem with faulti belts, weak suction, or other flaw have led to return rate as high as 30% to 50% on certain models, some retail said.target stores, a subsidiari of dayton hudson corp., said in the last month it drop one regina line becaus of custom complaints. 
 the plaintiff in the suit, which seek class-act status, are identifi as investor who bought regina stock between juli 19 -- when the compani releas result for it year end june 30 -- and sept. 20, when regina told analyst that first-quart result would be lower than expected.th major of the return problem seem to be with the housekeep vacuum line, which was introduc in 1986 and sell for $59 to $79, and the 1987 housekeep plus line, which sell for about $100 to $150. 
 but the old 1000 machin was discontinu last month, he said, and regina is in the process of introduc a new version.mr. dorn ad that other regina line haven't had such high rate of return. 
 offici at both compani said a return rate of as high as even 3% would be consid caus for alarm.a target store spokesman said the 332-store chain discontinu regina housekeep plus 5000 line, an updat and more expens offer than the housekeep 1000, after "at least half" were returned. 
 lucas, with automotive, industri and aerospac interests, has annual revenu exceed $3 billion.allied-signal, base in morri township, n.j., said in march that it plan to shed utica as part of a reorgan of it aerospac lines. 
 but a recent case suggest patent can be obtain quick enough to deter ripoffs.it took onli nine month for avia group international, a unit of reebok intern ltd., to get a patent on a line of run shoes. 
 backlog stand at two year or more for mani new aircraft models.th compani whole aerospac segment, both commerci and militari lines, account for 73% of last year sales. 
 the purchas price was increas from $26 million, a sum on which the compani agre earlier this month.car care market car-wax product under the rain danc and ralli brand names, and a line of engin addit and perform chemic under the no. 7 label. 
 the small health and beauti aid concern said it file list asset of $1.6 million and liabil of $1.2 million.it said it will continu to sell it line of solid perfumes, dispos thermomet and other products. 
 "the micro channel is our strategy," said bill lowe, the head of ibm pc division."we'v been consist say that sinc april 1987," when the ps/2 line was introduced. 
 "if we kept chang directions, i could see peopl question that."a new machin without micro channel would be signific becaus the micro channel is the ingredi in ibm ps/2 line that it has promot heavili as the major technolog improv over earlier pcs. 
 that becaus the intel 80386-sx is more power than the 80286 use in the recent unveil machine, even though the micro channel is suppos to be best-suit for power machines.ibm defend say the compani is mere tri to get back into a part of the market that it abandon too quick when it introduc the ps/2 line a year and a half ago. 
 "is it $3.50, $2.50, a dollar, is it negative?" he asked.mr. sheelen has been a visibl and outspoken salesman for regina, often boast that the compani would becom the leader of the $700 million vacuum-clean market by 1989, overtak household name hoover co., a unit of chicago pacif corp. regina had tradit been known as a market of lightweight "stick" cleaners, or electr brooms, but under mr. sheelen direct the compani has begun market a broad line of appliances. 
 coburn optic industri inc., a tulsa, okla., subsidiari of the british concern pilkington plc, say u.s. sale have risen 50% in each of the past three years.th compani recent introduc a new line of magnifi with thicker handl so that user with arthriti can hold them easily. 
 gm new companywid program, call smartleas and offer through general motor accept corp., replac a patchwork of leas program offer through gm six vehicl market divisions.to launch smartlease, and to give a shove to 1989 model sales, gm said it is offer special leas discount of as much as $1,300 over four year on about 20 car and truck line through dec. 31. 
  mattel inc., hawthorne, calif., name joseph s. whitak as senior vice president, marketing, with respons for it line of boy toys. 
 car market as the geo metro is have alter the way the epa break down the fuel-economi lists.becaus of the increas number of auto line that spring, as the geo metro does, from u.s.-foreign joint ventures, the epa no longer bother to compil it list of the most fuel-effici u.s. cars. 
 light truck are among the most profit vehicl built, with an averag gross profit margin of 39% on each one sold, compar with an averag of 35% on each car. (they are of particular import to chrysler.sal of light trucks, includ it jeep line of vehicl and it minivans, make up 60% of the compani pretax profits.) 
 compaq comput corp. introduc a smaller version of one of it power desktop comput at a reduc price, a move aim at head off potenti competit from intern busi machin corp., analyst said.th announc surpris mani industri observers, who had expect compaq to unveil it long-await line of laptop computers. 
 sept. 24-nov. 27.guggenheim museum, manhattan: "andi warhol, cars" -- the 35 paint and 12 draw on view are part of an extens seri of work that was to depict a centuri of automot histori base on the mercedes-benz line. 
 bob koski was name to the newli creat post of presid of christian dior sportswear & accessories, a divis of this apparel company.mr. kosky, 39 year old, had been presid of the men knitwear lines. 
 industri execut had expect the top job to go to william c. lowe, the presid of ibm pc division.industri execut and secur analyst have said mr. lowe, who was larg respons for ibm entri into the pc busi seven year ago, gambl and lost by prematur kill off ibm at line and tri to get custom to switch to the ps/2 line of person computers. 
 industri execut and secur analyst have said mr. lowe, who was larg respons for ibm entri into the pc busi seven year ago, gambl and lost by prematur kill off ibm at line and tri to get custom to switch to the ps/2 line of person computers.whil ibm consist has said it is pleas with the ps/2 line, a group of it competitor announc last week that it was produc a comput design to compet with the ps/2 design. 
 by april, suzuki expect to ship 20,000 of the car and 30,000 of the sport-util vehicl to the u.s.vers of both vehicl will be import by general motor corp. for it new geo line. 
 chrysler corp. said it will boost product of it profit jeep line of vehicl 20% in 1989, spend $24 million on plant improv and ad 575 workers. 
 cosmet giant este lauder inc. is make it first foray into region market with an unusu strategi to sell product design specif for the west coast and japan.th cosmet compani arami divis plan to launch a line of men fragranc next month -- call new west -- that will be sold in california for six months, and then market in japan. 
 chrysler corp. said it will boost product of it profit jeep line of vehicl 20% in 1989, spend $24 million on plant improv and ad 575 workers.sal of light trucks, includ the popular jeep line of sport-util vehicl and pickups, make up more than two-third of the highland park, mich., auto maker pretax profit. 
 "like a pirat ship with a hundr guns, hallmark armi of lawyer are tri to prove that might make right."th disput develop when hallmark produc a line of card similar to those of blue mountain -- both featur watercolor decor and long free-vers poetri with most person messages. 
 analyst said digit will have a problem tri to sell both the workstat base on the mip microprocessor and it older workstations, which are far less powerful."when they introduc a line, it will wipe out their vaxstat family," said ms. brown. 
 a good exampl is it juli purchas of cessna fluid power divis from general dynam corp.th unit, with annual sale of about $100 million, fill out eaton hydraul product line and provid an entri into europ hydraul business. 
 bever hill high school is hope that consum will jump at the chanc to wear the school toni name on their tanktop and shorts.a new line of sportswear and athlet wear, emblazon with the school "bhhs" logo, was introduc at a trade show friday in los angeles.th line, which will start appear in upscal store this holiday season at price between $20 and $90 per article, is the result of a licens agreement that the bever hill board of educ sign last year with twentieth centuri fox film corp., grant the entertain compani exclus right to the bever hill high school trademark. 
 the district will get 60% of the royalti from the licens arrangement.th clothing, made by great southern co., macon, ga., come in a rainbow of "trendi yet unique" colors, includ bright orange, hot pink, turquois and chartreuse, said shannon richey of san diego-bas luca enterpris inc., which is help to market and promot the line. 
 posh perfum are go to the dogs.snooti scent inc. of houston is sell a line of dog shampoo and condition that it claim smell like obsession, giorgio, polo and aramis. 
 mani in the industri had expect the vacanc to be fill by william c. lowe, the presid of ibm pc division, and say ibm decis will be a referendum on his performance.ulr weil, a princip at weil & associates, a research firm said he believ mr. low didn't get the job becaus the execut had prematur kill off ibm at line and tri to get custom to switch to the ps/2 line of person computers, introduc a year and a half ago. 
 ibm declin to confirm or deni that mr. gerstner was be transferred.it has consist said, however, that it is pleas with the progress of the ps/2 line of person computers. 
 the product rate could be cut back by near half, without jeopard commit it has with certain manufactur plant to buy approxim 2.3 million pair of shoe a month from them, mr. jacobson said."nik has upscal all of it line," said alic a. ruth, an industri analyst for montgomeri securities, san francisco. 
 in last year second half, reebok net was about $83 million.th earn declin also rais question of whether reebok is lose even more ground to arch rival nike inc. reebok overtook nike in sale in 1986 but has recent seen nike air shoe line erod it market share, accord to peopl familiar with reebok. 
 the compani product perform 3-d graphic for workstations, primarili use in the manufacturing, scientif and engin markets.ibm, armonk, n.y., will most like use the technolog in it ibm pc-rt line of technic workstations. 
 the 2200-600 model will be rough twice as power as those of the 1100-90 model they replace, the execut said.that will make them the most power in the mainfram line that came from sperri corp., which merg with burrough corp. two year ago to form unisys. 
 onc a neglig presenc in the u.s., the maker of chemicals, pharmaceut and fiber has quick establish itself in the u.s. chemic market through sizabl acquisitions.ov the past two years, it has bought the agricultur chemic busi of union carbid corp. for $575 million and a basic chemic line from imperi chemic industri plc for $505 million. 
 as an unprofit busi now, analyst estim it will sell for about $500 million -- or about half it annual revenue.th compani may also be consid write off the low-margin products, such as smaller tv sets, and find a joint ventur partner to help build up the more profit lines, such as large-screen project tvs. 
 when hallmark former agency, young & rubicam inc., began use emot advertis for it client american telephon & telegraph co., hallmark saw that as a conflict of interest and drop the agency.includ in the review will be hallmark lower-pr ambassador line of cards, which ogilvy, an ogilvi group inc. unit, has advertis sinc 1981. 
 this year redesign of the devill and fleetwood seri is more significant.th two model line are expect to account for about 64% of the 261,000 car cadillac expect to sell in the 1989 model-year. 
 the chevi nova, for example, becom the geo prizm, and like the other it will be sold exclus through about 80% of chevrolet 5,000 or so u.s. dealers.th introduct of the geo line mark the most ambiti attempt ever by detroit to succeed at someth that has larg elud the big three for 30 years: market so-cal captiv import -- vehicl made by a foreign compani and sold through domest dealerships. 
 the car won't go on sale until may, so chevi offici didn't say much about it.but they did say that the lumina name will go on a line of vehicl -- includ a coup and a sleek styled, plastic-bodi minivan -- that they expect will be one of the divis most popular vehicl in the 1990s. 
 famili often shun two-door car becaus it more difficult to get children into and out of the back seats.th famili focus for the line is one of the reason chevrolet decid to includ under the lumina umbrella it new minivan, nicknam apv (for all-purpos vehicle), which won't be avail until next june. 
 in establish product with consumers, he said, it easier to focus ad dollar and market effort if there onli one name to promote.chevrolet is use the same approach with it geo line of import car that debut this fall. 
 scientif micro system inc. said it sold, for about $10 million, most of the asset of it supermac technolog divis to a group led by the divis management.th divis make and market enhanc for appl comput inc. macintosh line of person computers. 
 reebok has gone outsid for market talent at a time when competit is increasing.nik inc., it chief rival, is hot on it heels, with the success of it air shoe line. 
 playtex famili make playtex tampons, dispos nursers, glove and tek toothbrushes.th hair-car unit, jhirmack inc., make a line of hair-car product sold in salon and pharmacies. 
 hyundai motor america said it rais the base price on it line of 1989 excel subcompact model as much as 3.4%. 
 armor all, an irvine, calif., maker of automotive-car products, said it will financ the acquisit initi from a combin of cash reserv and short-term borrowings.borden car care divis market car wax product under the rain danc and ralli brand names, and a line of engin addit and perform chemic under the no. 7 label. 
 motorola inc. and five of it former top semiconductor engin who it su last week for misappropri confidenti inform reach a preliminari agreement that could result in the settlement of the lawsuit.accord to a file with a texa state court in austin, the five employe who now work for ross technolog inc. of austin, agre to refrain from use or share technic and market inform about motorola line of microprocessor chips. 
 mr. harrison said mccormick doesn't have a specif target in mind.but he indic that the most like type of candid would fit with mccormick retail or consumer-brand products, which includ major line of spice and sauc mixes. 
 sourc close to both compani say that ibm has agre to licens some softwar technolog from next, includ the so-cal graphic user interfac that control the on-screen appear of the next comput and make it easier to use than some others.th sourc said ibm would like to use the softwar on it rt famili of technic workstations, a line that has been a sluggish seller so far in a market that itself is the fastest grow segment of the comput industry. 
 terri pillow, 35 year old, was name presid of chap by ralph lauren, one of this apparel compani lines. 
 georg ackerman resign the posit to pursu other interests.mr. pillow had been execut vice presid of merchandis for the apparel line. 
 although the risk mr. canion face are big, so are the potenti benefits."compaq would be the big winner" if the effort succeeds, say charl wolf, an analyst at first boston corp. notabl bearish on compaq after ibm introduc the ps/2 line, he now view the compani outlook as bright: "with their distribut and marketing, they would be the high-end leader in the marketplace. 
 in the latest nine months, rockwel had net incom of $626 million, or $2.34 a share, on sale of $8.79 billion.sal from the automot line of rockwell, base in el segundo, calif., will jump to $2.1 billion from last year record $1.7 billion, he said, ad that the compani view the growth of it auto busi as "substanti progress we are make in replac b-1b sale and earnings." 
 but both side agre that the new pc war could confus their custom and hurt everyon sales.a string of new pc product was introduc by ibm in a bid to beef up it person comput line. 
 mr. sugar comment came at a news confer yesterday to introduc a new rang of amstrad person computers.contrari to prior press reports, the new machin aren't fulli compat with industri leader intern busi machin corp. new line of person system/2 person computers. 
 the unit will sell air condition to ge and other custom under privat label as well as the fedders, airtemp and climatrol brands.fedd make a broad line of room air conditioners. 
 a lot of user were still tri to figur out just what differ ibm micro channel make when rumor began circul last month about a person comput come from big blue that won't have the vaunt micro channel.ibm has also been trumpet anoth new way to stay on the cut edg of pc technology: take out the old softwar at the heart of your machin (dos) and replac it with a new program (os/2 -- not to be confus with ps/2, the name of ibm new line of person computers). 
 this spring just two compani -- tandi corp. and dell comput corp. -- introduc ps/2 clones.lik parent of a new babi anxious not to upset their older child, they both declar that their ps/2 look-alik were great products, but not so great that their clone of the old ibm pc line wouldn't still be big sellers. 
 moreover, pc add-on boards, use increas to add speed and functions, have to fit whatev bus is insid a machine.ibm will also be make news today (just a crosstown bus away from the gang of nine) when it unveil the latest addit to it ps/2 line. 
 in the past that strategi has made busi nervous about buy appl maverick machines.but now appl can point to the scuffl go on in the ibm world as a reason to opt for the more stabl macintosh line. 
 mattel inc. is prepar to flood the countri with 582 million store-redeem coupon this fall as the centerpiec of a new market campaign.th coupon offer discount of $1 to $5 on toy includ barbi and other dolls, hot wheel speed shift 500 race sets, tv play-along wheel of fortun games, and a new line of disney infant and preschool toys. 
 other analysts, though, stress that the coupon concept may need fine-tuning."barbi is red hot and hot wheel has emerg as one of the fastest sell toy line in the country," say paul valentin of standard & poor corp., note that parent alway seem will to pay a premium for the hottest toys. 
 kayser-roth hosieri inc. plan to unveil today a new brand of pantyhos that it hope will lure department-stor shopper into the supermarket to buy their dressi nylons.cal burlington sheer indulgence, the hosieri line is an attempt to develop a new nich and bring some excit to the sag pantyhos market. 
 sheer indulg will be sold in food, drug and discount store and will be promot as "department-stor qualiti at afford prices."th line is price between $2.25 to $4.40, which kayser-roth say put it about 20% abov such mass-market pantyhos brand as it own no nonsens and sara lee corp. l'eggs, but about 20% less than sara lee hane and other department-stor brands. 
 david b. jones, chief execut offic of holiday homewood suit unit, said the compani has sign contract with franchise this year to develop 55 extended-stay hotels, which are expect to start open next summer.h predict holiday line would grow more rapid than marriott becaus holiday plan to reli on franchise to develop 80% of it extended-stay hotels. 
 seagram said dividend incom from it 22.9% stake in du pont was $52 million for the quarter and $98.5 million for the six months.th compani beverag line includ distil spirits, wines, wine and spirit cooler and juices. 
 "gm has lost market share in everi market segment in which it competes," said ronald a. glantz, an analyst with montgomeri secur in san francisco.h said gm success this year with it chevrolet beretta and corsica compact car seem to have come at the expens of it other car lines, includ it new intermediates, the pontiac grand prix, buick regal and oldsmobil cutlass supreme. 
 after month of hesitation, the european person comput industri is gear up to clone intern busi machin corp. struggl new line of person computers. 
 after month of hesitation, the european person comput industri is gear up to clone intern busi machin corp. struggl new line of person computers.start this week with the announc by britain apricot comput plc, most of europ major personal-comput maker are expect to unveil plan to sell machin compat with ibm person system/2 line. 
 the ibm spokesman ad that the european product announc confirm the compani view that ps/2 "is the way forward for our custom into 1990s."ibm launch the ps/2 line to regain market share lost to u.s., european and asian clone of it pc and at lines. 
 but expert say that program trade of the kind that contribut to the volatil of the new york stock market dure the octob crash is still a long way off.japanes brokerag firm are yet not allow to hook up direct comput line to the tokyo stock exchange. 
 the group is expect to develop what it hope will becom a standard "bus," the compon that handl the communic flow insid a computer, let the central processor talk to the keyboard, the floppi disk and so forth.th ibm rival are expect to argu that their bus will provid all the advantag of ibm micro channel bus, which, though arcane, the compani has market hard as the major innov of it ps/2 line. 
 eric zimits, an analyst with morgan keegan & co., said the compani has a 50% share of that market, and deriv more than 70% of it profit from it."ther has been a lot of specul that the irma line is due for obsolescence," said mr. zimits. 
 to be sure, a few compani are tri to use the olymp to make the transit from a subcontractor to an intern known brand.kukj corp. shift from produc nike shoe to develop it own pro-spec line of athlet shoe five year ago. 
 the effort, a major challeng to ibm, will includ compaq and tandy.europ comput industri is set to begin clone ibm struggl new line of person computers. 
 this is a big week for sun microsystem inc., as more chip and comput manufactur sign on to sun grand plan to establish a high-perform comput design standard for the industri to clone.today, sun and texa instrument inc. will outlin a sweep technolog licens agreement under which texa instrument chip divis will manufactur sun high-perform sparc microprocessor and it comput system divis will begin use the sparc chip to power a new line of computers. 
 chrysler corp. is attempt to jump-start the sluggish sale of it eagl premier luxuri car by boost cash incent 25% to $750.the move come at a time when rebat on most car are be reduced, and thus reflect the difficulti chrysler has face sinc late last year with the flagship of the new eagl line. 
 recently, mr. taki said he will invest in anoth seventh avenu designer, jeffrey banks, a 34-year-old menswear design who has run his own struggl busi sinc 1985.mr. bank chief success so far came when he was head design of merona sport sportswear, a hot-sel line of bold color knit weekend cloth that becam as trendi in the earli 1980s as jog suit onc were. 
 term of the agreement weren't disclosed.th first product introduc under the program will be a line of men and women sportswear, which will make it debut next march. 
 the masson reposit is the latest attempt by a major vintner to appeal to wine drinker increas sophist palates.earli this year, for example, no. 2-rank heublein inc., own by grand metropolitan inc., introduc a line call sylvan spring and is now roll out navall select to expand it presenc in fight varietals. 
 as the capac util figur indicate, the american economi is terrif at production.however, onc a product is off the line and in the hand of a customer, it seem that all too often the system break down. 
 within days, prime minist noboru takeshita felt compel to apolog for his country.but for sanrio, which produc and market the sambo caricatur as the design on a best-sel line of toy and beachwear, the consequ were more tangibl and potenti more lasting. 
 then came a secur and exchang commiss investig of the compani disclosur of certain financi information.later, it was the delay of a much-herald comput line. 
 xtc product inc., a larchmont, n.y., toy maker, file suit in new york, charg walt disney co. and dover handbag co. with trademark infringement.sinc 1983, xtc has market a line of soft toy under the trademark hugg-a-planet. 
 the valu of beatric asset sold so far, about $8 billion, still doesn't equal the amount investor paid for the company.donald p. kelly, beatric chairman, has auction off 10 major businesses, includ the compani coca-cola bottler and tropicana juic lines, in an effort to break even. 
 a special dividend may help save kohlberg kravi from possibl investor critic that it overpaid for beatrice.a year ago, some beatric insid boast that by sell off beatric remain major busi -- it line of hunt tomato products, wesson cook oil and swift meat -- the investor would earn a pre-tax profit that could exceed $3 billion. 
 the compani hope to get feder clearanc later this year to begin human test of the melanin skin cream and to invad the $300 million-a-year sun-screen market in 1990."we'r develop a new line of skin protect base on melanin produc by genet engineering," say sergio nacht, vice presid for research and develop and a biochemist who has special in dermatolog research. 
 the washington-bas consum group said it rank were base on inform compil by the depart of transport but not wide disseminated.th group analysi show general tire ameri classic line should last between 66,000 and 70,000 miles, depend on the size of the tire. 
 in fact, some of the tire that rank low in the center studi are special design for better handl and are use primarili in motor-rac sports.for instance, at the bottom of the center list were goodrich t/a r and r1 line made by uniroy goodrich tire co., akron, and yokohama tire co. a001r/a008r. 
 the center said neither tire should last more than 10,000 mile on average.but a spokeswoman at uniroy goodrich said it t/a r and r1 line are essenti road-rac tire that aren't expect to last long. 
 she said the tire are shave to low tread depth for competition.japan yokohama couldn't be reached, but industri expert said it a001r/a008r line also is a racing-styl tire. 
 armstrong is a unit of the pirelli group of italy.however, a spokesman for armstrong in new haven, conn., said the studi appar was base on date information, explain that it tru trac line was phase out in earli 1986 and replac with a line call coronet ultra trac, which was rate in the studi to last between 40,000 and 44,000 miles.anoth armstrong line cite in the studi was discontinu in 1984, the armstrong spokesman said. 
 oper system are program that control the inner work of computers.th new digit product further extend the compani line of equip base on the ultrix oper system, which util a standard develop by american telephon & telegraph co. that has been wide adopt in the industry. 
 for the full year 1987 the compani earn $16.8 million on $366 million in sales.dur the latest six month period, the compani said it had a 30% increas in unit volum in women apparel and children wear, as well as some select price increas in women jeans, sale from a new menswear line, and the open of addit retail stores. 
 kitchen applianc that hang below wall cabinet are market as space savers, so the thinner they look, the better.black & decker inc. new spacemak plus line is inde thin -- some applianc measur less than half the height of the model they replace. 
 but clever design make them appear even thinner than they are.thi week the line of appliances, which includ a coffe maker, can open with option knife-sharpen and a task light, won the industri design excel award in the "product" categori from the industri design societi of america. 
 the compani said it was the largest first-custom shipment of a multius system in it history.a previous reported, the new as/400 line is part of the comput giant bid to regain domin in the midrang comput market. 
 the new line merg the ibm system 36 and system 38 machines.do so remov the incompat between two of the three major minicomput line that ibm sells. 
 hallmark card inc., kansa city, mo., said it has petit the suprem court of the u.s. to overturn an appel court decis that has temporarili enjoin the firm from sell greet card that resembl those of a small colorado concern.hallmark had been su by blue mountain art inc. of boulder, colo., for trademark violations, contend that hallmark person touch line of card was too similar to blue mountain art products. 
 advertising: ingalls, quinn & johnson said it was design by gillett co. to handl the advertis and promot support for the test market of a new line of skin care product call myoko. 
 mr. kelli compens and share of the profit is more than $16 million, accord to beatric documents.littl remain of beatric except it line of hunt tomato products, wesson cook oil and swift meats. 
 a spokesman for the judg said friday that she had approv the transaction.th line and the factori where they are produc are be sold to hasbro inc. and slm action sport inc. 
 the reagan administration, however, isn't complet satisfi with such disclaimers.u.s. offici are check to see whether some japanes produc are quiet stash away chip for new comput line and not report these inventori to the miti. 
 in the past two years, textron has set up a new manag team for gorham, consolid some of it oper and elimin some of it unprofit items, such as stuf teddi bear and coffe cups, which it sold for sever manufacturers.textron said the trimmed-down line now concentr sole on the product and sale of silver spoons, fine dinnerware, lead crystal and silverpl holloware, for which it is best known. 
 mitsubishi motor sale of america rais by as much as 3.4% the base price of it galant and mirag car lines. 
 the price on the galant four-door automatic-transmiss model rose 3.4% to $11,819 from $11,429.the compani also said it rais price on it mirag line by 3% across the board, includ a $350 price increas to $11,969 on it most expens mirage, the turbo-charg hatchback model. 
 person comput industri execut are expect intern busi machin corp. to bring out soon a new microcomput with a design similar to the one ibm supersed with much fanfar last year.th move would be a surpris becaus ibm has been noisili tout the new design, which it call the micro channel, insid it 16-month-old ps/2 line of person computers. 
 but he said he never indic that had to happen at the same time a low-end machin got the 80286 central processor, to improv upon the less power 8086 processor these machin now use.th 80286 is current use in the middl of the ps/2 line and in the past was use in make the ibm pc-at. 
 ibm has alreadi prepar the market for a new, low-end person computer.it said earlier this year it intend to bring out a low-cost ps/2 built around intel corp. 80286 chip, which is current at the heart of the machin in the middl of the ps/2 line. 
 the distribut chain are long, the price are high and supermarket are reluct to handl high perish items."in the u.s., there realli isn't a well-organ refriger truck and warehous system -- how will they find the distribut capabl to support their king store with the st. michael line?" ask willard bishop, a supermarket consultant. 
 he adds: "peopl would be do much more of this if they could figur out how to bring it to market broadly."indeed, campbel last year withdrew it fresh chef line of refriger sauces, soup and salad from nation distribut after incur substanti losses, while general food culinova line of upscal entre is bare hang on. 
 although mr. sculley may be reinvent apple, it isn't clear whether his organiz chang and newfound vision will result in new breakthrough products.so far, the compani has been make the most of the macintosh and appl ii lines, both offspr of the job years. 
 kati industri inc. said that it complet the previous announc sale of it missouri-kansas-texa railroad unit to union pacif corp. and that it plan to record a gain of about $81 million, or $12.93 a share, on the sale in the third quarter.sel the 3,000-mile system, common known as the kati line, will enabl kati to focus on it consum product and industri machineri operations. 
 a trw inc. unit told paccar to suspend deliveri of paccar peterbilt and kenworth truck becaus of potenti defect in trw power-st mechanism.th two truck line repres about 80% of paccar sales. 
 in some of their current operations, they'v focus on auto repair and mainten products, realiz consum are keep their car longer.they are like to sell interco apparel manufactur and general retail operations, includ such line as london fog rain gear and convers and florsheim shoes. 
 turbin servic part made from the drawings, valu by ge at about $6 million, must be lock up in a bond warehous for five years.and turbin servic is prohibit from deal in part for sever line of gas turbin for five to 10 years. 
 for example, the lowest price 1989 pontiac grand prix will cost $13,899, up 10.8%, or $1,360, from the 1988 base model price of $12,539.the grand prix, the best-sel of gm new line of midsiz cars, will now have air condit as standard equipment. 
 in addition, it has notifi dealer not to sell paccar truck produc sinc april.paccar declin to estim how much the recal would affect it profitability, but the two truck line account for about 80% of the compani sales. 
 under the pact, fujitsu estim it will sell between 25,000 and 30,000 sun workstations, with about 90% of the sale in japan.th pact also allow fujitsu, japan largest comput supplier, to enhanc it exist line of microcomputers, minicomputers, workstat and mainfram with product from sun sun-3 and sun-4 workstat families. 
 atari corp. report strong second-quart profit from it comput and video lines, but they were part offset by unexpect high loss from it feder group unit, which it acquir last year. 
 sale for the period jump to $164.6 million from $70.7 million a year ago.th compani said it comput and video line perform strongly, as expected, but that it result were hurt by it feder group operations, a string of consum electron store it acquir last october. 
 nord resourc corp., dayton, ohio, said it will spend $30 million to expand it jeffersonville, ga., plant to make sever new product for it line of paper fill and coat clays. 
 even with the u.s. action, though, industri offici say shortag of the chip are like to continu becaus current product capac is insuffici to meet an unanticip surg in u.s. demand for the advanc chips.on the suppli side, the shortag are caus main by quality-control problem encount by japan nec corp. on it new dram line and hitachi ltd. slow recoveri from an earthquak in japan that damag one of it chip plants. 
 execut at k mart corp. were surpris last year when martha stewart, an author of book on lavish cook and entertaining, show them she could set an eleg tabl from item sold at the compani discount stores."w couldn't believ it was our merchandise," recal michael wellman, the compani vice presid of marketing, who is now work with mrs. stewart to develop an exclus line of household good for k mart. 
 mr. antonini say the compani suffer from a "malaise" becaus it had expand so much that it "growth opportun might appear to be limited."mr. antonini, who revit the compani apparel oper by introduc the jaclyn smith line in 1985, is tri to chang that, part by enlarg k mart store and play catch-up in computerization. 
 "that the custom we felt we were not serv proper before," say mr. wellman, the market vice president.aim at that market, k mart plan earli next year to start sell an exclus line of stylish kitchen, bedroom and bath item bear mrs. stewart name. 
 the plan to test as mani as 40 mckid specialti store in shop mall over the next two year is part of a broader effort by sear to revit it sag retail operations.th mckid store will carri nation brand as well as an exclus line of mckid cloth and toys. 
 price will be in the "moderate" to "upper moderate" range, the spokesman said.th mckid store concept is an outgrowth of sear success arrang with oak brook, ill.-bas mcdonald to licens a mckid cloth line now sold in 750 of it 821 sear stores.th line, which was introduc in 1987, is expect to generat sale of $175 million this year. 
 it also is tri to improv logist and make product more effici to compet better with german counterparts.it set up manufactur in local market with local designers, includ some lower-pr lines, instead of concentr main on make cloth in itali for export. 
 and it look to new markets, such as the soviet union and china, where potenti is huge but initi invest can be small.found in 1868 as a maker of ready-to-wear clothing, gft by 1987 made 60 differ line of clothes, includ some of it own design, which it distribut in 70 countries. 
 mccormick & co. is repackag it entir line of spice and seasonings, toss out it familiar red and white tin for fancy-label plastic bottles. 
 still, mccormick expect to rake in $15 million to $20 million in busi from new grocery-stor account this year.robert wunderle, a spokesman for woodbridge, n.j.-base supermarket general corp., call the line "much improved." 
 prime motor inn drop 1 3/8 to 34 3/8.montgomeri secur lower it estim of the compani 1989 net incom to $2.50 a share from $2.65 on a fulli dilut basis, cite an expect drop in interest incom as a result of the compani plan for fund the develop of a new line of hotels. 
 the group said sale of softwar for person comput made by intern busi machin corp. and compat makers, rose 44% to $1.39 billion, account for 76% of the market.sal of softwar for appl comput inc. macintosh line rose 130% to $192.3 million or 10.6% of the industry. 
 but can ge?crit say the fallout from mr. welch swap last year of ge consumer-electron busi for the medical-equip line of paris-bas thomson illustr the price ge pay for his style. 
 ltv also took a $30 million special charg on it exit from the medium and heavi militari truck business.ltv announc last month that it am general divis would discontinu those line so it could concentr on it u.s. armi contract for the hummer high mobil vehicle, which will be open for a rebid next year. 
 a consumer-health group accus an rjr nabisco inc. unit of mislead consum about the content of a popular line of fruit drinks. 
 a consumer-health group accus an rjr nabisco inc. unit of mislead consum about the content of a popular line of fruit drinks.th center for scienc in the public interest said it ask the food and drug administr to order the del mont food unit to chang the name of it fruit blend line. 
 it featur mani of the new york area lead politician and media figures, but mix up their job and genealog to such an extent that part of the fun is figur out exact who is who."famili politics" tell the stori of the surviv remnant of the daley family, the maker of a notabl line of car whose busi has fallen into disrepair and whose member are fall into the kind of financi condit that onli the wealthi could consid poverty-stricken. 
 ibm rais price on such product as operating-system software, which control the basic oper of a computer, and on big disk drives, which store data for mainfram and big minicomputers.th armonk, n.y., compani also rais price on it 9370 line of minicomputers, even though they have gotten off to a slow start, and on maintenance, even though competit for mainten contract has been particular fierce. 
 still, there were some notabl absenc from ibm list of price increases.pric weren't chang for ibm new mainfram models, it new as/400 minicomput line or most person computers. 
 a usg spokesman said the busi to be sold "don't fit in with {usg's} core businesses" and don't meet "minimum margin requirements."usg consid it gypsum, ceiling-til and dap repair and remodel line as well as it wallboard distribut busi as core operations, the spokesman said. 
 amdahl corp., play tit for tat with arch-riv intern busi machin corp., said it lop off 10% to 14% from the price of it mainfram computers.a previous reported, last week, armonk, n.y.-bas ibm unveil a new line of aggress price mainfram machin in a bid to undersel feisti amdahl. 
 use other data on her color and age, the comput produc printout with color recommend for "casual," "polished" and "evening" looks.noxel corp., which alreadi has computers, recent start an ad campaign for it clarion cosmet line that tout the machin abil to make the "right" choice. 
 no one, however, is predict a resurg in generic food -- the plain-labeled, cut-rat product that took over aisl of space in some supermarket dure the inflation-ridden 1970s.while such line will continu to be offer in relat small section of most stores, consult expect that consum will instead be look to an increas number of low-pric name brand and hous brand -- product that are cheaper than heavili advertis top brand but seem to offer compar quality. 
 beyond score point in that public-imag battle, ibm new line, the 3090 model s, is intend to give custom the improv in price and perform they expect everi coupl of years.th armonk, n.y., compani last overhaul it mainfram line in januari 1987. 
 ibm unveil a line of mainfram comput in a bid to win back market ground lost to rival amdahl. 
 the 1988 taurus and sabl model aren't affect becaus their gas tank are of a differ design, the spokesman said.thi is the latest in a seri of qualiti embarrass to hit the taurus-s line, launch in the 1986 model year. 
 last summer, the taurus and sabl model were includ in a recal of 4.3 million ford vehicl to correct fuel-lin defect link to 230 engin fires.ford has conduct five other safety-rel recal affect smaller number of the taurus and sabl line, as well as four recal to fix problem not relat to safety, a compani spokesman said. 
 retail thought the chang -- to bolder colors, busier pattern and higher price -- too much for the arrow man.for the most part, they reject the new sport shirt line, forc cluett to unload much of it to discount at fire-sal prices. 
 that lower west point net incom from continu oper to $7.5 million, or 25 cent a share, from $11.6 million, or 38 cent a share, in the year-earli quarter.cluett had transform much of it normal classic, plain-vanilla, mid-pric line of sport shirt into thread it hope would draw a younger, more affluent buyer.norm safe shade of blues, brown and gray becam more vibrant, and the spring line of arrow sport shirt includ a mix of bolder primari colors, busi stripe and multi-color madras. 
 moreover, in the confus follow the takeover, the design becam isol not onli from arrow custom but also from the compani own sale staff.last spring and summer, as they were creat the bolder spring line, the design fail to notic that both retail and consum were becom more conservative. 
 that shift intensifi after last octob stock market crash.cluett "seem to have had the line misstrip and miscolored," say an execut at a rival, who credit cluett mistak for a 15% to 20% rise in his own sales. 
 moreover, say cluett executives, the design skimp on quality.for one thing, the higher-pr shirt in the line didn't look much differ from their less-expens counterparts, say harold streitman, cluett new design director for sportswear. 
 and manag are on the lookout for nich markets.an example: cluett is talk about develop for the first time a line of shirt to be sold onli in california and florida. 
 but mani doubt it can beat out four japanes rivals, who control the market.moreover, sinc mr. mcgovern took over, the compani has crank out hundr of new product and line extens to cut it relianc on soup, which provid 30% of sales.but some like fresh chef, a line of refriger products, have been cost flops. 
 tandi corp., fort worth, texas, introduc four comput that beef up it person comput line. 
 the new 4000 lx use a faster version of the chip and will sell for $3,999, the compani said.tandi also ad a new comput use the 80286 microchip to it line. 
 toto, however, is go to give it a try.th compani doesn't have much to show for it 20-year presenc in the u.s., so it think a product that set it line off from the run-of-the-mil porcelain fixtur might be the key to success. 
 sales, which plummet to $8 million last year from near $35 million in 1984, are expect to hit $12 million this year and more than $20 million in 1989.less than a year ago, mr. kramer was import about 60% of his line to surviv and brace for the end. 
 the indianapoli compani was form last fall after ransburg corp. decid to pull the plug on it loss-ridden industri robot business.two entrepreneur acquir a line of ransburg weld robots. 
 miniscrib corp. said it reach an agreement call for computerland corp. to carri a line of miniscrib hard disk drive in it retail stores. 
 sale rose to $135.8 million from $63.2 million.ast cite it grow personal-comput lines. 
 the compani cite higher unit sale growth in most product lines, particular in intern markets; a weaker dollar, and inclus of the result of alkaril chemic ltd., which gaf acquir in the fourth quarter of 1987.earn from building-materi line fell 13% to $9.1 million, though sale rose 17% to $119.5 million. 
 develop of sophist comput data base is fuel telemarket growth, say the confer board earl bailey.briefs: a line of shoe for pregnant women from thorp shoe is call "o.b. 
 the compani bought back 21 million common share in a "dutch auction," and had 239.1 million share outstand as of june 30, compar with 250.9 million a year ago.oper profit in rjr food busi climb 14%, to $271 million from $238 million, spark by strong volum gain in the nabisco brand cooki and cracker line and in some of the specialti product of it groceri business. 
 american brand inc., old greenwich, conn., report second-quart earn rose 44% as sale advanc 27%, cite the strength in it core tobacco and distilled-spirit lines. 
 pfizer, new york, said sale rose 8.9% to $1.34 billion from $1.23 billion, reflect gain in all five of it busi segments.sal rose 9% for health-car lines, 13% for agriculture, 12% for consum products, 8% for materi scienc and 4% for specialti chemicals. 
 last year, the nation second-largest retail hire martha stewart, an author of book on lavish cook and entertaining, as a celebr spokeswoman.it is now develop an exclus line of household merchandis that bear her name. 
 it is now develop an exclus line of household merchandis that bear her name.chicago-bas sears, roebuck & co., meanwhile, is sell a line of mckid cloth under a licens arrang with mcdonald corp. and is develop other children product under a similar agreement with walt disney co. 
 a north carolina auto dealer plan to use the japanese-styl "hous call" method to sell toyota motor corp. new line of luxuri car in the u.s. 
 a north carolina auto dealer plan to use the japanese-styl "hous call" method to sell toyota motor corp. new line of luxuri car in the u.s.rick hendrick iii, who run one of the nation largest multifranchis "megadealerships" out of charlotte, n.c., said he plan to sell toyota new lexus line of upscal car by use the sale techniqu in some north and south carolina markets. 
 warner-lambert co., morri plains, n.j., said second-quart net incom grew 13%, reflect continu strength in it line of prescript and over-the-count pharmaceuticals, gum and mints. 
 storag technolog corp. said it unveil a new line of impact printer capabl of print between 2,100 and 5,000 line a minute. 
 mr. kobayashi say he hasn't had a vacat in 20 years.th major compani contract out their less-profit and specialti line to such "pappa-mamma" factories, which contitut more than half the industry. 
 hitachi say it alreadi lose money make appliances, and the whole industri "is veri exposed," say yutaka sugiyama, a nomura research analyst.battl the import invasion, japanes compani are move quick into high-tech, high-value-ad lines. 
 home shop network inc. said it hsn health care servic inc. unit has sign an agreement with spiegel inc. to joint market a line of vitamins, miner and other health-car products. 
 industri chemic profit rose 6% to $14.2 million from $13.3 million, while agricultur chemic profit more than doubl to $9.4 million from $4.5 million.plast profit remain flat becaus of the sale of the kydex rigid-sheet plastic line last year. 
 now the maker of beretta, the gun, are su the maker of beretta, the hot-sel car, for $250 million in damag in a trademark infring suit file yesterday in feder court in manhattan.fabbrica d'armi p. beretta s.p.a. said yesterday that gm use of the beretta name on a line of compact car "is an affront not onli to the beretta corporation, but also to the beretta family." 
 analyst said the test appear to be the most rigor competit test yet run.however, they note that ibm has recent introduc a line of midrang computers, the as/400, for which digit extrapol perform instead of measur actual machines. 
 boc group plc agre to buy the vacuum product divis of varian associ inc. for $65.8 million.th windlesham, england, maker of industri gase and health-car product said it will integr varian vacuum product line into boc edward high vacuum intern unit, base in london. 
 general motor corp. said it will lay off indefinit 800 employe at it doraville, ga., assembl plant -- a further indic of slow sale of an import line of new mid-siz cars. 
 however, the case has been cloud recent becaus kodak is seek to stay the infring rule on the ground that the judg had a potenti financi interest in the outcome.polaroid entri into the conventional-film busi will put it into competit with kodak in a major photographi market for the first time sinc kodak drop it instant camera line as a result of the patent decision. 
 daniel bricklin, who as the co-author of the visicalc softwar program help launch the person computer, said he is sell off his latest softwar line rather than build anoth company. 
 the payoff from this level of invest were obvious last year with attack -- an "enzymatic," concentr laundri deterg that took japan by storm, come out of nowher to give kao a 40.5% share of japan deterg market, up 7.1 percentag point from the year before.th focus on r&d is similar trumpet with kao bior line of skin ceam and it sofina cosmetics, both of which are expect to be broad market in the u.s. eventually. 
 whether or not kao product actual repres scientif breakthroughs, the compani has been abl to success market them in japan by sheer weight of advertis dollars.accord to tokyo-bas dentsu inc., the world biggest ad agency, kao spent 35.4 billion yen on advertis in it last fiscal year, put it ahead of toyota motor corp., nissan motor co., honda motor co. and lion corp., kao major competitor in some lines. 
 byte magazin pose that question to 5,000 attende of a recent trade show.th top vote-getter, with 32%: os/2, the system insid intern busi machin corp. new line of person computers.but dos, the system insid ibm previous line, trail close behind with 30%, suggest a big chunk of the industri is still resist ibm push for os/2. 
 such a reaction would be avoided, however, if onli the donor stem cell were transplanted.th stem cell wouldn't attack the recipi tissu but, instead, would migrat to various part of the recipi bodi and churn out a complet line of progeni blood cell that would be compat with the recipi body. 
 the rang of special servic now includ rack-and-pinon steer system maintenance, truck and van wheel alignment, fuel inject clean and suspens system repairs.to supplement it inexpensive, private-label line of cornel tire and to attract upscal customers, the compani now stock such brand as bridgestone, goodyear and goodrich.in addition, pep boy is carri raybestos, a more expens brand of brakes, and a line of lifetime-warranti part call true blue. 
 nissan motor corp. u.s.a. chose hill, holliday, connors, cosmopulo inc. friday to creat advertis for it new infin line of luxuri car that are schedul for introduct in 1989. 
 the agenc also "pick the brains" of sever journalist who write about cars, and conduct focus group in four differ market to explor consum feel about the import market, the spokesman said.nissan infin line will be anoth entrant in the increas crowd luxury-car market. 
 carter-wallac share amount to over 50% of the total market.when carter-wallace, a maker of pharmaceuticals, toiletri and cosmetics, acquir the trojan line from young drug product corp. back in 1985, condom sale were in the doldrums. 
 britain plan to elimin all glass contain from retail store by 1989 is spur demand for european plastic beverag containers, a market in which lawson mardon has a 42% share.mr. tapp said the rigid plastic group should continu to benefit from grow demand for it pet line of plastic containers, made from polyethylen terephthalate, which had sale of c$49 million last year. 
 in 1987, the group had oper incom of c$20.7 million on sale of c$224 million.mr. tapp said the group is emphas special products, such as it carden line of fold cartons, which combin plastic and cardboard materials. 
 eight of the farm credit system 12 region bank for cooper vote to merg into a singl nation bank with $9.3 billion in assets.th new consolid bank, which will begin oper jan. 1 in denver, will be author to provid a full line of financi servic to agricultur cooper and rural util anywher in the u.s. 
 the compani said the shortag hasn't interrupt shipment of exist products.a previous reported, however, hewlett-packard has delay sinc march introduct of a new model of it vectra line of offic person computers, "sole becaus we knew we wouldn't be abl to get suffici chip to produc it." 
 buick has offer option-packag discount on the third gm-10 model, the regal, for the past four months.th incent to spur sale of those new midsiz cars, consid crucial to gm turnaround in sales, come as the no. 1 auto maker is fine-tun incent across it model line to balanc expect demand with product plan for the rest of the model year. 
 apparently, the onli other rebat that match yugo in scale is audi of america inc. $4,000 rebat on it $22,180 audi 5000 models.that is an acknowledg fire-sal for a model scar by alleg of unintend acceleration, and the company, a unit of volkswagen ag, is discontinu that line. 
 "we'r so broad base across the economi that we just reflect what happening," mr. frankel said.aceto line of chemic use in dye and pigment have done "particular well this year," mr. frankel said, becaus of the strong demand for color ink use in magazin and newspapers. 
 he said the move was made possibl by technolog chang that allow for more autom of manufactur and caus a shrinkag in the size of the product be manufactured.a part of the consolidation, ibm will phase out it personal-comput manufactur oper in boca raton, fla., over the next 12 month and move them to raleigh, n.c., where the low-end model of ibm line are now produced. 
 hill holliday will be propel even further up in the rank of u.s. ad agenc if it win the $60 million account of los angeles-bas nissan motor corp. u.s.a. infin division.win would also take the sting from the agenc failur in may to captur general motor corp. $100 million account for it new saturn line. 
 mr. napl said he expect "pocket of strength and weaknesses" to continu in the busi dure the remain six months.h said the growth rate in budget furnitur has slow sinc last year, while this year growth rate in the x-acto line is stronger. 
 he said the compani is "veri interested" in ad appl macintosh comput product to it lineup eventually, but no talk with the manufactur about such an arrang are current under way.in addition, offer a line of copier machin and facsimil equip "would make sense," he said. 
 it consum food group report a 5.8% sale gain, to $3.56 billion, and pre-charg earn of $280.5 million, a 6% increase.but for the fourth quarter, oper profit declin 2% to $51.2 million, larg becaus of continu weak in frozen pizza and seafood and hefti introductori cost for a line of green giant frozen veget products. 
 "i'm not sure you want to freshen your breath with the same stuff you use to freshen your refrigerator."but church & dwight believ line extens like the toothpast are critic to arm & hammer growth. 
 church & dwight execut disagre with mr. trout assessment.in fact, the compani plan more personal-car product that, like the dental-car line, will carri the arm & hammer name. 
 in a number of them, say ms. bluhm, "the write isn't veri good, the color isn't good, the pictur are low budget, they have a poor plot -- a formula kind of thing."still, parent buy some 30 million copi of the classic littl golden line everi year. 
 the suit were file in los angel by sabl communic of california inc., a unit of carlin communic inc., and in new york by a group name the consent adult telephon right association.marketing: eastman kodak co. verbatim corp. introduc a line of color comput diskettes, double-sid and double-density, to help organ files. 
 mr. ross say manufactur haven't chang their rule of thumb of hold defect garment to less than 1% of the total produced, and he say they are still larg meet that goal.complain about a declin in qualiti has long been a favorit consum pastime, but custom are becom particular vocal these day about poor workmanship in higher-pr lines, say paul d. campbell, a market research in minneapoli who track consum attitud for retailers. 
 world-wid manufactur compound the problem.cloth from the same line often is produc in sever countries, make it difficult for apparel compani to offer good of consist quality. 
 dmi furnitur inc. said it reopen an assembl facil in huntingburg, ind., that had been idl sinc 1980.the 17,000-square-foot plant, which began product june 1, will assembl and finish wooden chair for the compani residenti desk line. 
 ibm introduc a line of midrang comput in a high-stak effort to regain it domin in that market. 
 but he say analyst and other "tend to overlook the fact" that more exercise-consci older peopl are begin to buy sportswear.for champion, the challeng was convinc retail that it sportswear line could compet with the like of ocean pacific, nike and adidas. 
 mr. holland expect the momentum to continue.th compani has ad a line of athlet shoes. 
 intern busi machin corp. introduc a new line of midrang comput in a high-stak bid to regain the domin it onc held in that market. 
 intern data corp., a market research firm in framingham, mass., say ibm share of the $16 billion market fell to 27.6% world-wid in 1987 from 29% in 1983, while the share captur by archriv digit equip corp. vax rose to 21.6% from 13.5%.and ibm 9370 minicomput line, it initi attempt to regain dominance, has fail to becom the "vax killer" that ibm proclaim at it introduct more than 1 1/2 year ago. 
 and ibm 9370 minicomput line, it initi attempt to regain dominance, has fail to becom the "vax killer" that ibm proclaim at it introduct more than 1 1/2 year ago.becaus of the stakes, ibm introduct is the biggest the comput industri has seen in the 14 month sinc ibm brought out it ps/2 personal-comput line -- and some say it the biggest announc sinc ibm introduc it origin pc in 1981. 
 ibm underscor the signific by bring togeth 170,000 peopl yesterday to hear the news at more than 200 locat around the world.th new ibm line (code-nam silverlak in recent month but now call the applic system/400) merg the ibm system 36 and system 38 machines.do so remov the incompat between two of the three major minicomput line that ibm sell and give ibm some relief from digit relentless focus on it own freedom from compat problems. 
 the oper was in place in case ibm end up be forc to sell off part of it business.th system 38, in particular, was orphan by ibm, draw littl support from the compani even though it design was thought to be so sophist that ibm onc consid use it to build a line of mainfram that would supersed those now on the market. 
 a definit pact and close of the transact are schedul for june 30.mt. vernon, with annual sale of about $20 million, offer a line of more than 700 product that includ injection-mold plastic overcap for can coffee, margarin tubs, can nut and tenni ball cans. 
 by 1985, however, all but two american chip maker had to abandon the dram market.large, vertic integr japanes firms, abl to subsid memory-chip sale with profit from other lucrat lines, made it imposs for most american compani to surviv in this business. 
 he said the dow jone industri are like to reach the 2400 level dure the summer month as the market receiv a boost from second-quart earn reports, which he expect to be strong.intern busi machines, which jump 3 1/8 point tuesday after it introduct of the silverlak line of mid-rang computers, surg anoth 2 3/4 to 123. 
 honeywel said it second-quart earn will be below the $53 million, or $1.21 a share, of a year ago becaus of a $23 million charg for cost overrun and writedown in it militari avion group.hewlett-packard told dow jone profession investor report that it couldn't explain the drop, but analyst said it may have reflect concern that the silverlak comput will cut into sale of the compani spectrum line. 
 texaco rose 1 5/8 to 48 1/2 and top the big board list of most activ issu on composit volum of about four million shares.intern busi machines, which introduc it silverlak line of mid-rang comput as expected, jump 3 1/8 to 120 1/4 and was among a number of technolog issu that pace the market advance. 
 feder regul requir that so-cal passiv restraint -- air bag or automat seat belt -- be standard for the driver side in all car by 1990.chrysler corp. alreadi offer six car line with standard driver-sid air bag and yugo america inc. has said it has chosen to make driver-sid air bag standard on it 1990 models. 
 compaq comput corp. offici said the compani plan to unveil today a group of machin it hope will give a big boost to the most advanc generat of person comput by bring their price down.a expected, the three model in the comput compani new 386s line use a microchip that intel corp. introduc just last week. 
 expert western say russian refriger use too much power, weigh too much and make too much noise.consum clamor for them, as they do for the extens soviet line of fulli unautomat cameras. 
 marketing: bausch & lomb inc., rochester, n.y., sign a letter of intent with donna karan studio under which the eyewar product compani will make, market and distribut a line of sunglass by the new york designer. 
 pennwalt pharmaceut unit make such over-the-count brand as desenex athlet foot medic and allerest allergi medicine.it prescript drug includ microx, a rapid grow anti-hypertensive, and a line of cough remedies. 
 in a memo date may 2, joseph tate, audi general sale manager, told the compani dealer that the program "is design to present attract purchas alternatives" to coupon holder "who discov that the new 80 and 90 seri vehicl may be a better solut to their drive needs."h further elabor on the program aim in the may issu of the compani newsletter: "hope we can send some of the excess (audi) 5000 custom toward the 80 and 90 line. 
 audi blame the revers on the negat public surround the seri 5000 alleg problem with sudden acceleration.it affect not onli that car, but everi other car in the compani line. 
 kodak ask that judg zobel now withdraw from the case and that all of her order sinc 1981 be vacated.judg zobel rule in 1985 that kodak since-discontinu line of camera infring on seven polaroid patents, and kodak appeal failed. 
 lee thompson, beech-nut vice president, human resources, said the compani has spent at least $10 million sinc 1983 to improv qualiti control.h also said it has chang the babi food line and "upgrad all procedures." 
 the 386sx models, observ think, may start at about $3,000, but it couldn't be determin what compaq price will be on it machines.stewart alsop, publish of pc letter, an industri newsletter, said the advanced-softwar and technic advantag of the 386sx machin would ultim make 286 computers, such as the ibm pc at and the model 50 in ibm new ps/2 line, "pretti much obsolete." 
 "today, becaus the competit is so tough, you don't simpli say: hey i got a new car and immedi get all kind of peopl in the showroom," say lloyd e. reuss, gm execut vice presid for north american automot operations.indeed, chrysler corp. also has had problem with new products, most notabl it new eagl premier line inherit from american motor corp. slow sale will forc it to close for two week in june the bramalea, ontario, plant that make those cars. 
 other player includ revlon inc., johnson & johnson, alberto-culv co., gillett co. and dow chemic co. lamaur unit."they did a pretti good job of hold share last year," ms. templ said of the finess lines. 
 "if they hold their share (this year), i will be pleased."th finess promot follow last year success introduct of the compani helen curti salon select lines, with an advertis and promot budget of about $40 million. 
 hyponex corp. said it agre to be acquir by a unit control by o.m. scott & son co. for $14 a share, or a total of about $72.8 million.both compani are lawn-car product concerns, but hyponex would give scott, of marysville, ohio, more of a presenc in garden lines. 
 no more big workforc cutback are planned, he said.cincinnati bell hope to stimul revenu growth for telephon oper by offer more servic and introduc a new line of leas telephon equipment, mr. hibbard said in an interview. 
 most frequent mention are electron giant samsung of south korea, n.v. philip of the netherlands, and thomson s.a. of france.thomson last year acquir the consumer-electron busi of general electr co., includ it rca lines, leav zenith as the u.s.-bas maker of televisions. 
 thoma j. lipton inc., an englewood cliffs, n.j.-base unit of the anglo-dutch unilev group, agre to acquir mccormick & co. tio sancho line of mexican food. 
 neither compani could be reach to provid sale figur for tio sancho.mccormick said in may it abandon a propos to acquir the spice island line of spices, herb and vinegar from unit biscuit plc. 
 the chip shortag has also caus delay in comput shipment and production.a spokesman for palo alto, calif.-bas hewlett-packard co. said the compani has delay sinc march the introduct of one of it vectra line of offic person comput "sole becaus we knew we wouldn't be abl to get suffici chip to produc it." 
 while the palo alto, calif.-bas compani had expect the suppli to be looser by now, mr. young said, it hasn't, and the compani can't predict when the situat might improve.h note that the shortage, had push back introduct of a new model in it vectra person comput line to at least juli from the march unveil origin planned. 
 american brand inc. will sell e-ii hold inc. to close held rik famili corp., in a transact that enabl the compani to shed most of e-ii busi and all of e-ii $1.5 billion in high-yield debt.american brand move -- a complex agreement which will sell e-ii samsonit luggag and culligan water treatment lines, among other -- was prais by wall street analysts. 
 what more, cosmet industri execut say ad spend for men cologn rose 36% last year to $97 million and should grow further in 1988."we see the competit continu to intensifi with more new product and extens of exist fragranc line later this year," say byron donics, presid of the arami divis of este lauder inc. 
 the fanfar will be big becaus silverlak market is potenti huge.th machin will be a new model in ibm unglamor but sturdi 3x line, with 275,000 current custom make the line one of the best-sel comput famili ever outsid the pc world. 
 keyston camera product corp. said it grant to mitsubishi intern corp. the right to distribut keyston 35mm camera in japan.mitsubishi international, a unit of tokyo-bas mitsubishi corp., will sell the full line of keyston cameras, includ the le clic and regenc models. 
 high-perform tires, which provid better handl than standard tires, have been increas their market penetr in recent years.goodyear, with it eagl line, has a command lead in the high-perform market. 
 nynex agre to buy profession servic and softwar line from ag comput for about $275 million. 
 the cricket commercial, which caru cite as be misleading, is typic of the group targets.in anoth case, a seri of independent-tv ad for sylvanian families, a line of small anim figur made by coleco industri inc./tomi corp., use stop-act anim to make the figur walk, jump and pick up furniture. 
 jim perkin was name senior vice presid of the lexus divis of this unit of toyota motor corp. of japan.in the newli creat position, mr. perkin will be respons for all activ in the lexus division, which is schedul to begin sell a new line of luxuri car in the u.s. next fall. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it person system/2 line of person comput appear to be sell the best in europe. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it person system/2 line of person comput appear to be sell the best in europe.john akers, chairman of the giant maker of offic machines, said at a news confer here that europ now is "probabl the strongest market" for the ps/2 line.h note that the u.s. market has been constrain by suppli problems, but said the outlook for the ps/2 line "is shape up veri well" this year. 
 accord to analysts, sale of ps/2 got off to a rocki start but have risen late -- especi in europe.ibm want to establish the line as the new standard in person comput in europe.it introduc the line in april 1987 and has said it ship near two million unit by it first anniversary. 
 it is also necessari to evalu the major sale incent that have becom so preval in the marketplace.for example, substanti discount are avail on mani gm car line when option are purchas in a pre-specifi "package," which is design to includ the item most peopl would order separately. 
 on a 1988 chevrolet cavalier, a packag of popular option cost the custom $1,477 when purchas separ is discount by $675 when order as a complet package.in addition, the competit marketplac has frequent requir the use of cash rebat or low-interest-r financ on mani car lines. 
 the line last year generat sale of $77 million, and the divis purchas by slm account for about $35 million of that total.coleco tricycl line are among the product not includ in the purchase, slm said. 
 close held slm is control by canadian interests.william fedyski, president, said the line acquir from coleco would complement slm current line of plastic outdoor season products. 
 of course, the coutur collect present at splashi seventh avenu show in new york do origin from famous design sketchpads.but most design also have second-str and third-str line design main by assist or license and often are no more fashion and no better in qualiti than ordinari brands. 
 limit own forenza brand is now the second-best-sel women label in the u.s., after liz claiborne.but mani retail that long sold store brand primarili as the bottom end of their cloth line now are offer a much broader rang of private-label apparel. 
 dallas-bas neiman-marcus is increas it use of private-label goods, part to replac apparel by liz claiborn and evan picone, whose brand were drop last year becaus the chain felt they were overexposed.on of neiman-marcus best seller last winter was a line of private-label cashmer sweater price from $150 to $250. 
 coleco didn't say how much extend financ it had received.th toy compani also said it has receiv offer for the sale of it outdoor product line, which includ children pool and tricycles. 
 these includ slow u.s. sale and huge inventori backlog partial attribut to a product that hasn't chang in two year and an expens advertis campaign.to boost sales, the compani plan to introduc new model this fall and a new line of cars, call infinity, in septemb 1989. 
 the roster of decor who have sign licens contract with furnitur maker read like the tabl of content from architectur digest: mark hampton, mario buatta, jay spectr and juan montoya, as well as fashion design ralph lauren, whose cloth ad featur upper-crust victorian interiors.furnitur maker are hope that decor line will give a kick to what is essenti a stagnant market. 
 typically, industri execut say, most peopl wait seven to 10 year to replac a sofa, and they hang onto a bedroom set for at least 16 years.th design lines, of course, have no singl look, but rather reflect the style of the decorators, rang from 18th and 19th centuri reproduct to sleek, modern furnishings. 
 the design lines, of course, have no singl look, but rather reflect the style of the decorators, rang from 18th and 19th centuri reproduct to sleek, modern furnishings.centuri furnitur co. is typic of the tradit furnitur maker that have introduc decor lines. 
 he declin to provid more-specif figures.mr. hopkin say the lauren line give frederick edwards, base in morgantown, n.c., a firm foot in the high end of the furnitur market. 
 "it was a question marriag from the start becaus kroehler did lower-end good and lack credibl in the upper end," say jerri epperson, an analyst with wheat first secur in richmond, va.and a line of chair by the ubiquit french fashion design pierr cardin was, accord to one big depart store, "plain horrible, a mistak that didn't sell at all." 
 he acknowledg that some shortag of memori chip could persist into the third quarter if demand outstrip ibm expect but ad that, "we feel extrem confid about the fourth quarter."that advantag will be especi use to ibm becaus high-end machin requir extra memory, and demand has been weaker for ibm high-end machin than for other in the line. 
 in composit new york stock exchang trade yesterday, ibm share close at $112.625, off 50 cents.a expected, ibm also announc yesterday sever product that fill in it personal-comput line. 
 avon product inc. expect to report about flat second-quart oper earnings, and it maintain it estim of $2.30 a share from continu line for the full year. 
 fcb/leber is a unit of foote, cone & beld communic inc.licensing: colonia inc. receiv a world-wid licens agreement from knoll intern hold inc., parent of the 21 club, to produc a line of men fragranc name after the new york restaurant.th line, to be introduc in the u.s. in 1989, mark the first time the restaur has licens the use of it name. 
 his willing to tri differ approach has prove both a strength and weak for unocal.whil mr. hartley interest in underground steam format put the compani into a profit line, his unshak belief that synthet oil extract from shale would one day prove a moneymak has led the compani to write off hundr of million of dollar and to oper a plant that is produc well below it design capacity. 
 yugos, subcompact car import from yugoslavia, carri a base sticker price of $4,299 -- the lowest sticker price of ani car in the u.s.chrysl corp. announc last month that it start put driver-sid air bag as standard equip in six of it car lines, make it the first big three auto maker to do so. 
 the industri execut said the armonk, n.y., comput giant will introduc three version of what it will call the person system/2 model 70, a high-end machin that will use the intel corp. 80386 central processor.th version resembl the model 80, current the high end of the ibm line, except that they will sit on the desktop rather than on the floor in what is known as a tower configuration. 
 in addition, ibm will introduc a version of it model 50 that will have a faster hard disk.th model 50, in the middl of ibm line, had drawn consider critic in the trade press for the slow with which it retriev inform from the hard disk. 
 the execut also said ibm will cut price on some exist model to make room for the new ones, though they weren't sure just how larg the cut would be or which model they would cover.tim bajarin, a consult with creativ strategi research international, santa clara, calif., specul that they would cover at least the model 25 and 30, at the low end of the line, and the model 60, in the middl of the line. 
 at the same time, ibm seem to have postpon the announc of some product it was plan to bring out today.in particular, ibm had been wide expect to bring out laptop use the muscular 80386 chip and the less power 80286, which is use in the middl of ibm ps/2 line. 
 the progenitor of the breed was nike inc. air revolut shoe, introduc last year with televis ad set to the beatl "revolution" and print ad promis improv performance.sever rival have been introduc recently, or will be soon, includ the energi wave shoe from convers inc., a unit of interco inc.; the world trainer shoe, with an "energi return system," from reebok; and a line of shoe from eton inc. use a "dynam reaction plate." 
 oleg cassini was award $16 million by a feder court juri in a legal squabbl over a contract with perfum maker jovan inc.th 75-year-old fashion design claim that jovan breach a 1978 contract for a fragranc line market under the design name. 
 walter m. doyle, 50 year old, resign as chairman, presid and chief execut officer, and norman jennings, 40, quit as a director and senior vice presid of laser, and general manag of analect instrument division, the unit.donald sypek, 51, resign as a director and senior vice presid of the parent, but will remain with laser precis as manag of it radiometr product line. 
 great atlant & pacif tea co. is introduc a line of fanci private-label foodstuff in a far-reach attempt to capit on grow demand for gourmet products. 
 great atlant & pacif tea co. is introduc a line of fanci private-label foodstuff in a far-reach attempt to capit on grow demand for gourmet products.th line, call master choice, also repres an effort to fill what a&p, of montvale, n.j., perceiv as a void between mass-market nation brand and elitist brands. 
 within the next six months, shopper will find the master choic name on teas, pastas, sauc and salad dressings.a&p, which had $9.6 billion in sale last year, envis ultim a line of more than 100 product in about two dozen categories, mr. rourk says. 
 competitor specul that the nation fourth-largest supermarket concern will have to spend a substanti amount to develop premium product that then will end up sell in relat low volumes.moreover, the extens line could hog valuabl shelf space that would otherwis be devot to more-popular items. 
 as part of a turnaround strategi in the earli 1980s, a&p slash it depend on privat label to 18% of it dry-groceri product mix from a peak of 35%.the compani now want to use master choic to bolster it private-label line back up to 25%, a typic level for chain nowadays. 
 bloom, a unit of bloom compani inc., will creat advertis for babi fresh and wash a-by babi wet wipes; sofkins, a flushabl cleans wipe; cottonell toilet paper, and help hand and job squad paper towels.weightman, a unit of weightman group, will creat ad for scottowels; scottissues; scotties, anoth tissue; scott famili napkins, and viva design collections, a line of tabletop item includ paper napkin and placemats. 
 a few year ago, the laptop was simpli call z171.the latest models, introduc with a "road warriors" theme in april, are in a line dub supersport. 
 "mi ambit for japan is that we should sell about 25,000 volvo car in the middl of the 1990s," he said.fuji presid toshihiro tajima said, "volvo car will enabl us to meet today broad custom need by ad a new model line in the upper segment where we current do not offer ani products." 
 south african are loosen or termin their u.s. busi connect far faster than the legal environ warrants.two year ago, the idea of "countersanctions" -- predatori and discriminatori price against american buyer in line where south african produc combin could exert some monopolist power -- was dismiss out of hand by the south african busi elite. 
 chip & technolog inc. said intern busi machin corp. agre not to requir the microcomput chip maker to take out licens of ibm patent and technolog for it chip set use in clone of ibm line of person computers. 
 disney, a theme-park, movi and tv concern, bought childcraft from hachett s.a., a french publish that earlier acquir childcraft parent, grolier inc. childcraft, edison, n.j., sell educ toys, play equip and classroom furnitur by mail.advertising: pepsi-cola co., a unit of purchase, n.y.-bas pepsico inc., select loi pitt gershon/pon/ggk, new york, to creat advertis for it mug root beer line, acquir two year ago. 
 al vlietstra, director of sale for the coca-cola food canada inc. unit of coca cola co., said he welcom the competit that tropicana will bring becaus it presenc will probabl develop the refriger juic market in canada, where per capita consumpt is substanti below the u.s. level.coca-cola minut maid began market a refriger orang juic made from concentr in canada in 1985, in addit to it frozen line of orang juice. 
 the case involv 83 of an estim 14,000 design made by hallmark, the industri giant.two year ago, blue mountain art inc. of boulder, colo., su hallmark for trademark violations, contend that hallmark person touch line of card was too similar to it products. 
 public ownership is an issu now in part becaus dealership have chang so much in recent years.in the 1950s, when the number of dealership nation was twice what it is today, dealer tie their fortun to singl franchises, pitch chevys, ford or plymouth to the exclus of other car lines. 
 on friday, the compani note that it restructur effort over the past coupl of year have strengthen it oper results.amax has sharpli pare it long-term oblig and has focus it busi on gold, aluminum and coal after shed line in silver, copper, nickel, iron ore and agricultur chemicals. 
 mccormick & co. said it would abandon it propos $56 million acquisit of the spice island line of spices, herb and vinegar from a unit of unit biscuit plc after the feder trade commiss author it staff to seek a preliminari injunct block the transaction. 
 in fact, despit the sharp price drop in hewlett-packard shares, on volum of about 2.3 million shares, most analyst said they don't expect to adjust their project for the compani perform in futur quarters.hewlett-packard, which late in the quarter introduc nine new model of it spectrum busi comput line, said order for those machin should pick up in come quarters. 
 chrysler corp. has start put driver-sid air bag as standard equip in six of it car lines, make it the first big three auto maker to do so. 
 sale plung 41% to $73.7 million, from $124.5 million a year earlier.th loss left the west hartford, conn., toy maker -- ride high just three year ago on the success of it cabbag patch kid line -- with a negat net worth -- the differ between asset and liabil -- of $130.7 million. 
 in it earn announcement, which came after the stock market closed, coleco said it will seek a buyer for sever plastic outdoor product line that are manufactur at it new york state facilities, includ pools, snow products, children furnitur and tricycles.thes lines, which are among coleco older products, generat sale of $77 million last year, coleco said. 
 morton handel, the new chairman and chief executive, said earlier this month the compani might sell some asset to rais cash.analyst have said that the sale of line could help the compani pay off some of it debt. 
 briefs: the u.s. chess hall of fame and museum open tomorrow in new windsor, n.y. . . .a new line of inflat stereo speaker from hyman product inc., st. louis, come shape like palm trees, guitar and juke boxes. 
 in 1986, hasbro earn $99.2 million, or $1.70 a share, on revenu of $1.34 billion.mr. hassenfeld said the milton bradley game divis and it playskool line of toy will perform particular well this year. 
 the move has shock the clone makers, which had assum that ibm lack of object had assur them of clear sailing, and could squeez the more margin clone companies.th decis could also delay introduct of some clone of ibm year-old ps/2 line of person computers.in addition, the move reintroduc the prospect of messi litig in the personal-comput market at a time when ibm decis to licens the patent for it ps/2 line had been quiet that talk. 
 the success of those small store prompt big mass merchandis to also carri more licens sport goods.and the develop of "authentics" -- licens duplic of gear use by the pros -- result in an upscal line of licens product appeal to affluent babi boomers. 
 basketbal junki can slam dunk their dirti cloth through a hoop into an nba hamper.th nfl is consid a line of high-fashion even wear. 
 ibm is demand retroact payment from clone maker for patent it say were use in the ibm-compat person computers.th decis shock clone maker and could delay some clone of ibm ps/2 line. 
 slow sale are forc chrysler corp. to cut output of it premier sedan, the flagship of it new eagl car line. 
 a spokesman said the compani was "veri pleased" with the results.in addit to continu strong sale of the compani current line of dbase databas manag softwar and multim word-process products, he cite an "import contribution" from the fullwrit profession word-process package. 
 fullwrite, design for appl comput inc. macintosh machines, was introduc late in the first quarter.michel preston, an analyst with salomon brothers, call the latest period "a pretti good quarter for the company," consid it has indic it plan to begin ship this summer dbase iv, a revamp version of the dbase line. 
 murjani intern is team up with former presid warren hirsch to relaunch gloria vanderbilt jeans, a now fade brand that was one of the big hit of the design jean craze of the late 1970s.hong kong-bas murjani, a close held apparel maker that market coca-cola brand cloth and tommi hilfig menswear, said the revamp line will be made by a joint ventur run by mr. hirsch. 
 murjani licens the vanderbilt trademark to anoth women apparel firm, jone apparel group in 1985, but took the brand back last march.murjani said jone apparel dilut the trademark by introduc an extens line of women sportswear and de-emphas jeans. 
 actor dress in raisin costum march in the maci thanksgiv day parad in new york, and a raisin conga line danc at the white hous christma tree light ceremony, even upstag a certain former actor.ther are 55 license for product base on the raisin charact (for which mr. vinton doe not hold the rights), and kiddi from coast to coast are gobbl up various item of raisin-decor garb, as well as collect a line of plastic raisin figurin -- each raisin bear a name to make it more personable, lovable, buyable. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it revamp it wheelwrit line of typewriters, with the addit of five new machin model and the modif of three others. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it revamp it wheelwrit line of typewriters, with the addit of five new machin model and the modif of three others.ibm said the new machines, which are made in lexington, ky., replac and expand exist lines. 
 rebat on buick electras, le sabr and centuri all drop to $500 from $750.sale were strong across virtual all manufactur lines. 
 techknit inc. said it sign an exclus licens agreement with denton mill inc., new albany, miss., to make and market the dr. denton line of sweater for infants, toddler and children. 
 mr. wallac said the printer won't work with appl comput inc. popular macintosh computers, but will be tune to do so sometim in the future.appl offer it own line of laser printer price from about $3,000 to $7,000, but offer noth technolog compar to the deskjet. 
 crs sirrin inc., an architectur and engin concern, said it was chosen by general motor corp. as one of three compani that will design dealership facil for gm new saturn corp. car line. 
 tri a .25-calib beretta, strap around the thigh in a black-lac garter holster.th holster is part of a new line of wardrob accessori creat by design who think pack a pistol ought to be done in style. 
 "shoot is for all," say lenni handler, owner of the fort lauderdale, fla., bang bang boutique, among the largest gun-fashion retailers.th store offer a wide line of color-coordin holsters. 
 she ad her own touch -- a special holster allow the gun to be fire without remov it from the purs -- and has sinc sold hundreds.still, the new fashion line doesn't appeal to everyone. 
 c. olivetti & co. mr. cassoni last offici act as at&t comput chief was to give a speech promot at&t unix oper system at an industri confer here.becaus at&t has acknowledg that softwar and servic will command higher profit margin in the futur than manufactur hardware, a number of analyst have specul that at&t may contract out the manufactur of it next line of minicomputers. 
 mr. kavner said a number of custom have been concern about at&t end manufactur of computers, a move that analyst believ would caus at&t to take anoth writedown.jack grubman, an analyst at painewebb inc., said howev that becaus most of at&t minicomput sale are to the bell oper companies, outsourc manufactur of at&t next line of minicomput wouldn't result in a write-down. 
 mr. kavner said the compani are most interest in share product-develop effort as well as help each other in their respect markets.olivetti, which a few month ago appear to be interest in adopt the sun sparc chip for a new line of computers, hasn't yet decid to do so, said richard mcginn, vice president, product management, for at&t data system group. 
 ford motor co. follow general motor corp. and chrysler corp. in reduc factori rebates, and effect rais the price of mani american-mad car and trucks.th dearborn, mich.-bas auto maker said yesterday that while it will extend rebat offer on mani of it model until juli 12, effect today it will cut or elimin the cash offer on some of it most popular lines. 
 for example, the rebat on ford midsiz taurus and sabl model will drop 20% to $600 from $750.still, ford midsiz car rebat is $100 more generous than the $500 gm is offer on it competit midsiz oldsmobil cutlass ciera, pontiac 6000 and chevrolet celebr lines. 
 it is liquid it cwt inc. transport subsidiari and is sell it atlanta novelti inc. plush-toy unit and it cornucopia farm inc. fruit-farm business.gerb retain salomon brother inc. to seek a buyer for the furnitur group, which make a broad line of juvenil furnitur under the century, centuri origin and nod-a-way brand names. 
 but mani concern tri to crack the general market say they face formid barrier becaus of percept that black compani were unreli or their product low-quality.consid johnson product co. experi when, in the late 1970s, it launch "black tie," a line of men toiletri that was heavili advertis use most white actor and models. 
 the initi pact call for a merger of henkel and new york-bas colgat product facilities, but would have kept their market separate.instead, henkel will sell cotell soap and bleach lines, which have annual turnov of about 550 million french francs, to colgat for 925 million francs. 
 more than 300 cash machin throughout the citi and it suburb stop functioning."th machin can still talk to you, but the transact won't go anyplac without the comput line," said steven cole, presid of cash station inc., which oper some 900 cash machin in the chicago area. 
 fcb/leber katz, a divis of chicago-bas foote, cone & beld communic inc., is also alreadi a big rjr agenc with industri estim of about $110 million in rjr billings.in recent years, it had handl the comeback, through line extensions, of shred wheat. 
 the compani american heyday is long sinc past and in recent month it has been jolt by new setbacks.at least nine dealer have drop it upscal audi line sinc the year began, and compani offici fear more defect are coming. 
 fund from the sale had been earmark to help pay down the compani heavi debt load, a substanti amount of which is in short-term obligations.th optometr line were expect to garner about $300 million. 
 the net figur includ a $9 million charg from the sale of operations, partial offset by a $3.1 million tax credit.besid it optometr and medic diagnost operations, cooper has a line of surgic products. 
 fiscal 1988 revenu will be about $45 million, he predicted.mr. morino, in an interview, attribut the perform to high demand for it integr line of softwar products, which allow custom to manag all aspect of their data process systems. 
 morino associ will pursu further growth through acquisit and expans of it intern operations, the chairman said.for example, product purchas recent from other compani will be combin with morino associ in-hous develop to introduc a new line of softwar that appli tradit inventory-control concept to data process systems. 
 mitsubishi motor sale of america inc. said it rais the price of it 1988 mirag car line an averag of 1.9%, or about $170. 
 the acquisition, subject to a tender offer garner 50.1% of ingredi shares, would add ingredi flavors, sweeten and spice busi to the dyes, flavors, food addit and artificial-color line of crompton & knowles, a stamford, conn., concern. 
 price at $2.5 million to $14 million, the machin incorpor the same motorola inc. 2,500-macrocel silicon-bas array chip use in the y series.initi the ea line will offer as much as twice the memori of the y-mp. 
 under the current exchang plan, coleco would dilut it share by about 50%.analysts, who ask not to be quoted, said that coleco has mani asset that would be attract to other toy companies, includ the cabbag patch doll line, the alf doll base on the televis character, plastic ride-on toy and wade pool and such game as scrabbl and trivial pursuit. 
 while such power is of interest onli to the largest customers, the 100-mip mark is "a mileston -- both for the industri and for amdahl," accord to robert djurdjevic, presid of annex research, a phoenix, ariz.-bas comput industri consult firm.mr. djurdjev said amdahl new machin "may forc ibm to provid enhanc to it 3090 line sooner than they had intended." 
 today, the compani has a market valu of about $48 million, base on the stock close price yesterday of $2.375.while it physic assets, includ it toy lines, are worth perhap $250 million, accord to analysts, the compani debt is far higher. 
 but a sale of some asset to rais cash is possible.mr. handel said, "a wide varieti of parti have express interest in buy one or more of the compani toy lines." 
 he said coleco wasn't interest previously, but he declin to discuss it current position.ironically, the cabbag patch kid line could draw some bidders, even though it declin in recent year has contribut to coleco problems.whil cabbag patch sale last year were $125 million, down from $600 million in 1985, the toy line remain one the nation best selling. 
 among other allegations, the treasuri said heublein obtain an agreement from a larg restaur chain with outlet in california, arizona and washington state requir that heublein inglenook brand be use exclus as the hous wine.retail dealer in connecticut, illinois, texas, california and other state were provid freezer as an incent to purchas a new heublein line of distil spirits, and the compani instal keg wine equip to induc retail in new jersey to purchas it brand of keg wine, the treasuri said. 
 "but with pfizer, all you'v got is complaints."for the past year, analyst have complain that pfizer isn't work for it holders: the compani refus to divest it non-drug lines, as other in the industri have done, and pfizer general eschew stock buy-backs. 
 that would lift per-shar earn to between $4.48 and $4.68; analyst estim lean toward the lower end of that range.at the may 17 meeting, pfizer is expect to expound on a number of new products, notabl an advanc formula of it fast-sel heart drug procardia and a new line of antibiotics. 
 revenu rose 18% to $190.1 million from $161.6 million.ogilvy, which also has interest in public relat and other market lines, said it oper profit margin rose to 4.5% from 2.9% a year earlier. 
 amdahl ad 1 7/8 to 42 1/4.the compani introduc a line of mainfram comput that it said are faster than ani other mainfram on the market. 
 the ergon line of offic chair is indisput a success. 
 as the name implies, the chair, design by william stumpf & associ for herman miller inc., address comfort for a wide rang of user and tasks.thre million have been sold sinc the line was introduc 12 year ago. 
 despit much anticipatori hoopla, round two won't be a battl on the same epic scale.mani industri officials, dealers, and custom say clone of ibm year-old second line of pcs, the ps/2, will put far less pressur on the compani than did the previous generation. 
 clone underpr ibm by 25% to 40% the first time around becaus they had lower overhead than ibm and access to the same supplier part at the same prices.but ibm make 70% to 90% of it own part for the ps/2, up from some 20% for the previous line. 
 separately, grace purchas for cash the graphic-art divis of uniroy plastic co., a subsidiari of jesup group inc. grace new unit make printer gum and photopolym print plates, which are use in make plate for flexograph print of sever packag materials.grac said the acquisit expand the compani line of consum suppli for the graphic art industry. 
 in new york stock exchang composit trade friday, schere fell 75 cent to close at $48.75, and cooper close at $12.375, down 62.5.separately, schere said it agre with lasall laboratori to develop and market a line of gynecolog sex-hormon product in the u.s. and canada. 
 toy compani dream up a dozen new toy-bas cartoon last year.but this year, onli one compani -- hasbro, for it cop and crook line of toy -- has a tie-in cartoon on the draw boards. 
 the craze began in 1983, when mattel put up $7 million to help fund the product of 65 half-hour episod of "he-man."bi year end, sale of master of the universe, the line that includ the he-man toy, had near tripled, make it one of 1983 hottest-sel toys. 
 "thundercats," about catlik humanoid from outer space, was a top-rat cartoon last year.nonetheless, the toy of the same name, made by ljn, suffer from dismal sales; the compani drop it from it line. 
 tonka, for instance, is forgo toy-bas cartoon in favor of that old standby, the movi tie-in.it develop a line of toy link to "willow," a stephen spielberg movi due this summer. 
 other companies, however, onc again are go with the unknown.to push it dyno-rid line of toys, tyco reject the cartoon concept as "too big a chance," accord to michael lyden, tyco vice presid of busi development. 
 strong perform in diapers, liquid deterg -- previous shun by european -- and from it richardson-vick inc. drug unit help p&g abroad.salomon brother inc. mr. zurkhulen note that the pamper diaper line, which onc had sluggish result outsid the u.s., "has realli turn around overseas." 
 polaroid said that it world-wid effect tax rate rose to 51% in the 1988 first quarter from 21% in the year-ago period.th cambridge, mass., compani also said that it increas market promot in the first quarter to reduc dealer inventori of an older-camera line in prepar for the introduct of it low-pric impuls camera. 
 it aim to keep up that growth by ad new busi to matur ones.for instance, nestl in recent year has built it ground-coffe line through cost acquisit and new products. 
 and nestl hope the de benedetti interests, which includ buitoni pasta and perugina chocolates, will generat similar idea and improv for other markets.rowntre chocol busi would strengthen nestl by ad snack product to it well-known line of chocol bars. 
 the feder trade commiss ask the feder district court here to block mccormick & co. propos $56 million acquisit of the spice island line of spices, herb and vinegar from a subsidiari of unit biscuit plc. 
 ibm-brasil, establish 71 year ago, is among the 20 largest privat compani in brazil.it is the market leader in larg comput but has been unabl to sell it line of person comput becaus of brazil controversi polici of reserv this market for nation manufacturers. 
 "you can't provid a consistent, consumer-pref product."tropicana is also about to unveil a new line of non-refriger orange-bas drink call twisters. 
 as of march 31, the compani had 6,950,000 share outstanding, down from 7,150,000 a year earlier becaus of a buy-back after the octob stock market plunge.american health licens diet center franchises, and sell relat line of diet food and nutrit supplement for weight loss. 
 after the split, the santa clara, calif., compani will have 2.2 million share outstanding.aft the expect sale in may of it medic laser line, cooper life scienc will be base in menlo park, calif., and plan to develop, acquir and invest in health-car product and businesses. 
 mr. perrin said he is confid the talk will reach a conclus in the next year or so.h said cartier is also talk with two other close held european luxury-good compani about expand it market share in other lines. 
 but those gain were offset great by "significant" drop in it lumber oper and mortgag bank and residenti develop activities.weyerhaeus said oper earn for forest product lines, exclus of pulp and paper, fell 35%.a year earlier, the line had a $25 million capit gain from disposit of some land and timber. 
 ibm is promis the new softwar product as much as six month earlier than expected.th oper system will final let custom tap the potenti of ibm line of mainframes, give them a reason to stop use older hardware. 
 "in this business, that all-important."ibm will continu to make it three line of copiers, which kodak expect to market under it own name by the end of the year. 
 "if kodak can pick up the ibm segment and convert it to kodak, it will be a real boom to kodak," said alex b. henderson, an analyst with prudential-bach secur inc.allen j. krowe, ibm execut vice president, said the compani determin that kodak, with it broader line of copiers, could better support the substanti market and sell costs. 
 the partnership also said that it might sell the holdings.in a secur and exchang commiss filing, haddad said it affili hold licens to distribut the hush puppi line of cloth and therefor have a busi relationship with wolverine, which make those products. 
 mr. dell also maintain that his model would outperform ibm's.del said it is negoti with ibm to licens ani patent ibm has on the ps/2 line. 
 motorola inc. unveil it latest microprocessor chip family, the 88000 line, boast the new chip provid fivetim more process power than leading-edg competitors. 
 "we are confid of be support by the banks," a daimler spokesman said, ad that he couldn't confirm recurr specul that daimler-benz has amass more than it record 56% stake in open-market acquisitions.bi take full control of aeg, daimler can step up implement of it strategi of integr aeg electron busi into it automot and technolog line and reduc aeg former emphasi in consum appliances. 
 the retail said it will upgrad store in norfolk, hampton and virginia beach for a total cost of $12 million.at these stores, furnitur and certain other line will be discontinued; that space will be devot to apparel. 
 at&t has been dissatisfied, moreover, with olivetti sale of it 3b2 minicomput and system 75 phone switchboard line in europe.olivetti also ruffl some at&t feather last novemb when it came out with a line of minicomput that some analyst say compet with the at&t machin olivetti is suppos to sell. 
 an unusu claus will permit asea brown to take over the second ventur in 1990 if either westinghous insist or if asea brown decid to do so.whil the paperwork may be complicated, the transact otherwis fit neat into a line of major corpor move mr. barnevik has initi sinc 1980, when he becam presid of asea. 
 the new softwar -- dub mvs/esa -- won't becom avail until august, but it could alreadi be give sierra sale a lift.gartn research show that price for use mainfram from the ibm line that preced sierra have fallen about 60% over the last six months, after hold firm for a year. 
 fiscal 1987 result were sharpli lower than prior year becaus of a slump market for add-on comput circuit board -- which then was ast princip line of business.th climb in this year revenue, the compani said, is due to the popular of ast line of person computers, which in the last year and a half has chang the compani into one of the largest maker of person computers. 
 profit has been aid by manufactur efficiencies.ast also plan to expand it comput line, ad less-expens model for small busi and more power one for computer-aid design and desk-top publishing. 
 in term of speed, the new comput are expect to process from 2.7 million instruct per second, or mips, to more than 10 mips, depend on how mani microprocessor are inside.in performance, they will overlap sever ibm computers, includ part of the ibm 9370 line and the 4381 line. 
 intern busi machin corp., seek to rais the return on it massiv research and develop investments, said it will start charg more money to licens it 32,000 patent around the world.in announc the change, ibm also said that it will to licens patent for it ps/2 line of person computers. 
 digit equip is expect to unveil a seri of comput to replac the middl of it vax line. 
 the judg is expect to clarifi his rule this week.lord geller has handl both corpor and product advertis for ibm, and is perhap best known for the charli chaplin campaign it creat for ibm person comput line. 
 in new york stock exchang composit trade yesterday, compaq stock surg $2 a share to close at $54.75.the first-quart result indic that compaq deskpro 386 model 20 is continu to sell well despit a challeng from intern busi machin corp. newest person comput line. 
 the three -- peter gold, chairman and chief execut officer; david rousso, chief financi officer; and sydney irmas, a director -- own 67% of the price pfister share outstanding.emhart, a maker of industrial, consum and electron goods, said price pfister residenti plumb line would complement emhart construct and do-it-yourself products. 
 moreover, sear has tri unsuccess in the past to pump up it women business.in the earli 1980s, it introduc cheryl tieg and stefani power line of private-label clothing. 
 "they'r in never-nev land."th new cloth line may not be differ enough to give sear an edge. 
 holder love to tell stori about the compani market acumen.lik the stori about the time neutrogena introduc it premium-pr shampoo line to a less-than-thril reception. 
 the race to clone intern busi machin corp. ps/2 line of person comput has turn into a contest between two texas-bas companies, with tini dell comput co. appar tri to upstag giant tandi corp. 
 while mr. cassoni trim last year loss by 70% from a year earlier through bookkeep chang and some cost-cutting, revenu from outsid custom drop 4% in a banner year for the rest of the industry.industri sourc say unit sale of at&t person comput fell about 16% last year to approxim 120,000, while sale of the 3b minicomput line to outsid custom fell about 20% to 7,600. 
 at&t and sun are expect to announc soon a plan for a softwar program to make unix easier to use.th minicomput replac at&t 3b line are schedul to be launch in the second half of 1989. 
 ibm said it has ship near two million unit of it person system/2 line of person comput sinc it introduct a year ago. 
 there isn't much mahogani at the flagship mark & spencer, on london oxford street near marbl arch.th self-servic store is one of the busiest store on earth, sell cloth and food with a recent ad line of home furnish in an annex across the street. 
 but long-term health requir basic chang in mattel market strategies."we'v decid to concentr on those area where we'v histor been strong, while slowli build in other areas," such as preschool, where the firm has sign a long-term licens agreement to use disney charact on it entir line, mr. amerman says. 
 in it personal-car division, mr. reitman said, sale of children diaper continu to show consider growth despit competition.h said the divis plan to introduc an adult diaper line in the second quarter, and expect that product to break even this fiscal year. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it has ship near two million unit of it person system/2 line of person computers, as it pass the first anniversari of the product introduction. 
 but he said it isn't seek to bring in an execut "to head up the firm."lord geller has handl both corpor and product advertis for ibm, and is perhap best-known for the charli chaplin campaign it creat for ibm person comput line. 
 "that a broad range, but we believ enough peopl buy with that as a prompt preference" for the compani to reformul the way it make it products.lately, numer compani have introduc product that are low in satur fat and cholesterol, "but this is the first compani i'v heard of that has reformul it entir line -- certain the first bakeri company," said lynn dornblaser, manag editor of the trade publication, gorman new product news. 
 other segment have matur or are saturated.marriott entri into the economi line has it risks. 
 kinney shoe corp. is polish up it dull image.known as a market of budget-pr famili shoes, the 94-year-old kinney, a subsidiari of f.w. woolworth co., will soon begin sharpli increas it relianc on more expensive, all-leath shoe in it women line. 
 in the year-ago period, the compani report a net loss of $4.9 million on sale of $23.1 million.mr. schwartz said the compani face a "cash crunch" earlier in the year becaus of advertis cost associ with it frozen food line. 
 chevrolet will market renam version of it nova, sprint and spectrum under the new badge, hope to sharpen the ident of what is now a muddl array of subcompacts.th divis also plan to includ a new import jeep-lik sport-util vehicl in the line, accord to dealer and compani sources. 
 a mattel spokesman said the compani is "disappointed" by the downgrade."we'r encourag by the posit custom respons to our 1988 toy line and are realiz cost save from our restructur program," he added. 
 magazines: mcgraw-hil inc. electron magazin was acquir by verenigd nederlands uitgeversbedrijven, the netherland largest publish group, for an undisclos price.vnu said electronics, a control circul trade journal that distribut 135,000 copi bimonthly, fit well with it grow line of specialist public . . . 
 some of these award have been reduc on appeal.mr. estridg was one of ibm most visibl execut after start and overse the earli develop of the ibm pc and build the line into a $4.5 billion annual busi in onli four years. 
 mr. batogowski recent negoti a licens agreement with walt disney co. to produc merchandis use disney characters.h also negoti a similar agreement with mcdonald corp., result in the success mckid cloth line.both ventur are expect to rejuven some of sear youth lines. 
 seagram co. recent $1.2 billion bid for the tropicana orang juic line put it diversif strategi in the spotlight. 
 in new york stock exchang composit trade yesterday, american standard close at $75.50, up 37.5 cents, while black & decker rose 12.5 cent to close at $18.50.black & decker, a towson, md.-base maker of power tool and home appliances, launch it unsolicit tender offer in late january, and has said that american standard air condit and plumb line are a logic extens of it business. 
 ge acknowledg when it made it offer for roper that it was the first time the compani had put out an unsolicit bid for an acquisit target.g had attempt last novemb to interest roper in a voluntari merger to obtain the georgia compani kitchen-rang line, but was rebuf by the compani management. 
 peugeot motor of america inc. is expand it rebat offer of $3,000 on it line of 1988-model peugeot 505 sedan and five-passeng station wagons. 
 the maker of electron communic equip said the purchas price repres $8 million over the book valu of the products, which are the compani line of scanner and marin radios.togeth the line account for 24% of regenc $75 million in sale last year. 
 mr. montgomeri scoff at such concerns.h say he "doesn't foresee" the need for ani acquisitions, except for limit addit to the diagnost line, in the next few years. 
 a computer-market pact between intern busi machin corp. and britain ferranti intern plc herald a major ibm campaign to boost european sale of it new line of person computers. 
 on march 4, ibm respond to the disclosur of such discuss to the wall street journal by one of it execut by label his comment as "premature" in a statement.th oem move signal a stepped-up drive by ibm to establish it year-old ps/2 line as the new standard in person comput in europe.th current standard remain the one set by ibm older pc line, which rival manufactur world-wid quick "cloned." 
 a number are test lighter weight paper and smaller catalogs.oth plan to cut out entir line of low-margin merchandis that they can no longer afford to sell by mail. 
 ncr unveil a minicomput line for link network of person comput or termin in offices. 
 term of the revis transact weren't disclosed.th institut soap product line has annual sale of about $13 million.th origin agreement was to acquir just the consum soap lines. 
 greyhound, a diversifi concern whose dial corp. unit market brand such as dial and purex and make both consum and institut soap products, said the acquisit now would cover borax product with annual sale total about $43 million.th addit product in the agreement consist of a line of hand soap and soap dispens sold under the boraxo and luron name for the medic market, and a hand cleaner line for the automot market, greyhound said. 
 the group has shelv plan to becom a european tv and radio power.hachett also recent explor and drop the idea of launch a nation daili newspap in france, to go with it line of 60 provinci week newspap and magazines. 
 at&t and sun sign a technology-shar agreement last fall call for at&t to licens mountain view, calif.-bas sun design for a new microprocessor chip and for sun to assist at&t in devis a standard version of it unix oper system.separately, unisi confirm it plan to announc tuesday a long-await mid-rang comput to bolster one of it age lines. 
 unisi said it probabl wouldn't start ship it new unix machin until the middl of next year.unisi new mid-rang comput to be unveil next week will be a version of it 1100 line long sold by sperri corp., accord to mr. blumenthal. 
 veteran of new age publish scoff at the ever-widen definit of the category.bantam book inc., a unit of bertelsmann ag of west germany, start it bantam new age book line eight year ago. 
 in turn, stora is a big custom of forestri chemic from swedish match and the two firm alreadi collabor on develop of new pulp bleach products.in recent years, swedish match has grown aggress by ad home-improv and packag acquisit to it origin line of match and other consum products. 
 ibm computer-market accord with ferranti herald a major ibm campaign to boost european sale of it new personal-comput line. 
 the wang and digit announc appear to indic that the midrang comput market in the u.s. is weaker than mani observ forecast at the begin of the year.among other midrang makers, armonk, n.y.-bas intern busi machin corp., which make comput of almost everi size, has been report disappoint sale of it midrang lines. 
 some japanese-mad microwav oven that use to cost about $235 now go for a littl over $130.sanyo electr co. replac a line of $700 small refriger with a new one start around $470. 
 world of wonder attribut the loss to plummet sale and delay in get it toy to market dure the christma season.th quarter loss includ a charg of $63.6 million for reserv to cover price reductions, estim loss for the liquid of a hong kong unit and dispos of excess materi relat to discontinu or slow-mov lines. 
 mr. whitwam hint that ge is make it bid to fend off possibl increas competit in the applianc market from whirlpool.h said whirlpool plan on expand roper current line of home applianc to compet direct with such line as ge hotpoint. 
 even devot player final grew bore as the latest game stop offer anyth new.nowadays, market are work to prevent a glut by pull older line off the shelf as more game are introduced. 
 in composit new york stock exchang trade yesterday, tandi share close at $40.25, off 50 cents.ibm introduc it ps/2 line last april, partial in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones. 
 offici said it will expand use of the new oper system to other vax comput in the next few months.although the new four-processor vax 8840 is digit most power comput ever, the line was introduc by digit vice presid of mid-rang systems, william demmer, which drew question from analysts. 
 c. olivetti & co. of italy, plus other he declin to identify.if a pact is reached, siemen and olivetti would either licens or buy from ibm the crucial part of ibm ps/2 line of comput and incorpor them into siemen and olivetti computers. 
 xerox secretari margi filter said crum & forster has help result in the past two years, and that xerox aim to boost it busi product and system sale through an emphasi on document processing.ms. filter note that xerox has absorb punish price competit from japanes manufactur and "re-establish itself with a premier copier line." 
 sinc then, it has been wide assum that mr. kelli would find some new way to get back into the acquisit game.spin off swift-eckrich, whose line includ the butterbal turkey brand, would leav mr. kelli in control of the core busi he know best.mani of the meat line were part of esmark inc., a conglomer that mr. kelli built in the 1970s. 
 the final quarter, which end jan. 2, should carri more than half of the expect 1987 earn of about $6.4 million, or 90 cent a share.full-year sale -- not includ the kaepa shoe line that the compani sold last year -- should total $313 million, down slight from $319 million. 
 wolverin world wide had post a 1986 loss of $12.6 million, larg attribut to a $9 million charg caus by the restructuring.th consolidation, which mr. gleason credit for the compani turnaround, also led to the close of five midwest and new england shoe factories, the sale of the kaepa athlet shoe line to a manag group, the sale of retail linen store and a manag restructuring. 
 "sinc we felt the pinch in the earli 1980s, we'v becom much more consumer-oriented," say jame preston, presid of avon beauti group.to it distress, avon learn a few year ago that mani women consid it makeup line "stodgy," it gift product overpr and it jewelri unfashionable. 
 so avon increas the number of gift item price under $15 and creat "more contemporary" jewelry.last month it revamp it lipstick and nail-polish line. 
 scott paper co. is look for a new advertis agenc to take over all but one of it u.s. consum product line now handl by j. walter thompson usa inc. and bbdo worldwid inc. 
 scott paper co. is look for a new advertis agenc to take over all but one of it u.s. consum product line now handl by j. walter thompson usa inc. and bbdo worldwid inc.th one except is the viva paper towel line, which will remain with bbdo. 
 time is also develop a children version of it high success sport illustr that mr. brack said is aim at encourag literaci while expand the magazin reach.h also said the magazin is develop a line of travel and vacat public on such subject as how to play golf, to be distribut by resort operators. 
 the 288-page book is base on time magazin man of the year issu featur the soviet leader.with the disband of the formal develop operations, "one of the main goal of everi publish and manag editor is to examin potenti expans or line extens of their properties," mr. brack said. 
 quaker fabric corp. said it sign a definit agreement to sell it tufted-velvet and flock-upholsteri fabric line to culp inc. for $5.6 million, subject to various adjustments. 
 but depend on the outcome, the episod could soil the squeaky-clean imag of one of the nation most success industri companies, and of it high regard chairman and chief execut officer, charl f. knight.a u.s. manag hero of sorts, mr. knight, oper in fierc competit global market for a broad line of industrial, consum and defens products, has extend to 30 year emerson unbroken streak of increas profits. 
 but it took bridgeston four year to make up it mind, and it did so onli after consider strengthen of the yen against the dollar.sourc say that beatric has had such premium food line as hunt tomato product and swift meat on the block in europ for a year, with no takers. 
 anoth group is negoti to licens a line of cloth creat by a team of 20 american and soviet designers.th line, "design for peace," will make it debut at the dalla apparel mart next month. 
 the cumbersom outfit "weren't made with hop on buse and get in and out of taxi in mind.""their attitud is, the more gizmo you can stick on a garment, the better," say laura kligh, one of the 10 american who spent three week in the georgian resort town of tbilisi in septemb craft part of the "design for peace" line. 
 lintas, which has had noxel as a client for 41 years, will continu to creat ad for the hunt valley, md., compani cover girl makeup and noxema skin cream lines.thos line bill an estim $60 million in advertis annually. 
 but ad industri executives, cosmet market and cosmet analyst said that while clarion sale have been strong, they have met neither the compani nor analyst expect sinc the product was launch with much hoopla in septemb 1986.clarion is a moder price line meant to appeal to women over 30 year old who have sensit skin. 
 "we are go to stay with the line becaus noxel has histor been a good vendor for us," he added.in it first three month on the market, sale of the clarion line total an estim $25 million. 
 mr. mottus ad that noxel may have been "spoil by" the success of it cover girl line.found in 1961, cover girl has grown to becom one of the two largest cosmet line sold in the u.s. 
 warner-lambert co. said it definit agre to acquir certain candi line from rjr nabisco inc. and ad that it expect first-quart per-shar earn to rise 20%. 
 the candi brands, which includ junior mints, charleston chew, sugar daddi and others, will becom part of warner-lambert american chicl group subsidiary.they broaden the compani confectioneri lines, give warner-lambert it first chocol candy. 
 "this is noth more than puffery, though i may be surpris tomorrow morning," he added.richard hanley, an independ analyst in new york, said that price discount on the old hoover line and other cost of the model changeov will depress first-quart results. 
 black & decker say it is pull it lite years, introduc in januari 1987, and just for me flashlights, introduc last month.th towson, md.-base applianc compani also say it will delay ship a line of smoke detector that contain the kodak ultralife. 
 polaroid request and kodak responses, disclos in feder court document unseal friday in boston, are part of a 12-year battl between the two companies.th court alreadi has rule that kodak line of instant camera and film introduc in 1976 infring on seven patent of polaroid, the founder of instant photographi and the onli other compani in the busi in the u.s. 
 with exist imprint in canada, australia and new zealand, doubleday hope to coordin public of titl throughout the english-speak world . . .who news: nan talese, vice presid and editor-in-chief of the adult trade divis of houghton mifflin co., will join doubleday next month as senior vice presid and editori director of her own line of book . . . 
 mr. mcgovern said sever product line show "solid volum performance," help by a 12% increas in market expenditures.among the top perform were ready-to-serv dri soups, beverages, fresh produce, the pepperidg farm line of bake goods, mrs. paul kitchen fish products, prego sauc and swanson frozen entrees. 
 but under the ir notice, invest compani now are requir to recogn ani built-in gain that would have been realiz if the compani had liquid befor merg into the fund.a a result, some fund don't expect to be do much in the merger line anymore. 
 intern busi machin corp. introduc some long-await softwar that will make it current line of mainfram run a bit faster and will open the way for far more sophist applications. 
 in addition, ibm introduc two mainfram that fill in hole in the sierra product line -- the 280e, which has two processors, and the 500e, which contain five.ibm also extend the rang of it 4381 line of mid-rang comput by announc two high-end machin that run the new oper system software. 
 while he wouldn't estim the sale price, analyst have estim that it would exceed $1 billion.kraft also told analyst it plan to develop and test a line of refriger entre and desserts, under the chilleri brand name. 
 on feb. 9, american standard rebuf an unsolicit $65-a-share, or $2.03 billion, takeov offer from black & decker, a towson, md., maker of power tool and household appliances.new york-bas american standard has plumb and air-condit businesses, which black & decker believ would be a good fit with it own consum tool and applianc lines. 
 champion product inc. said it reach an agreement with nation footbal leagu properti inc. to produc and market "replica" footbal jersey bear the identif of the 28 nfl teams.champion products, which make and market athletic, recreat and leisur wear, said the line of jersey will be ship in august. 
 the price increas come at a time when chrysler has alleg that japanes auto maker are "dumping" vehicl in the u.s. market at price below cost.last week at the chicago auto show, gerald greenwald, chairman of chrysler chrysler motor corp. unit, defend the compani against critic who said that chrysler was also dump it own import line in the u.s. market. 
 the bridgeston deal "might have been more attractive," mr. milli said, if fireston had a propos acquisit in sight for it cash from the joint ventur rather than the prospect of a signific reduct in operations.nonetheless, mr. milli applaud the move over an outright sale of the tire asset becaus the present arrang ensur that fireston retail store will continu to be suppli with firestone-brand tire and that fireston network of about 3,500 independ dealer also could have a broader line of tires. 
 the declin "was particular significant" in the fourth quarter, the compani said.polaroid said it would be introduc camera system for under $100 in the first half of 1988, and would be appli it newer spectra instant-film technolog to it 600 camera line, which has been on the market for about seven years. 
 honeywel bull inc. introduc three model of it dps 7000 famili of medium-scal computers, along with softwar for them.th minneapolis-bas compani said the model 72, 82 and 92 extend the dps 7000 line of mainfram introduc last april. 
 the furnitur maker said the close held berkshir and allegheni oper have combin annual sale of $32 million.berkshir sell a special line of bed and dayb and allegheni make berkshir metal bed and suppli part and semi-finish product to other home furnish manufacturers. 
 black & decker first approach american standard in novemb to negoti a friend merger.black & decker believ american standard plumb and air-condit busi are a logic extens of it consum tool and applianc lines. 
 "peopl perceiv ryder as the yellow (rental) trucks," mr. burn says."whil that a valuabl line, it less than 15% of the company." 
 mr. shea note that in 1987 spiegel drop low-profit-margin merchandis such as lawn mowers, chain saws, most camera and most toys, to concentr on apparel.discontinu line account for $30 million in 1986 sales. 
 the new system softwar will be abl to handl far more complex program and work much faster with huge data bases.it will final take advantag of some advanc characterist in ibm 3090 line of mainfram that were introduc three year ago. 
 the talks, first report in crain chicago business, mark an appar attempt by the two compani to expand joint market efforts.last year, chicago-bas sear launch it mckid line of children cloth under an exclus licens agreement with oak brook, ill.-bas mcdonald's.sear offici consid the line successful, with annual sale now estim to exceed $100 million. 
 the rate agenc said the downgrad result from emhart aggress acquisit program."emhart is like to make a major acquisit in the next two year as it seek to fulfil it strateg object of reposit the busi mix toward product with more promis profit and growth prospect than it tradit capit equip lines," the rate agenc said. 
 "there are over 800 toy compani in america" and most in galoob revenu rang who were concentr on market toy "much abov the $50 rang were hurt in 1987," said steven eisenberg who follow the toy industri for bear, stearn & co. galoob, however, with practic no debt, isn't like to be anoth wow and should rebound to profit in the "50 cent to 75 cent a share range" this year assum an accept product mix, mr. eisenberg said.toy compani in general are like to be "head back to basics" with lower-pr product make up most of their mix; galoob, which will unveil it new line of toy to analyst this week, is like to follow that pattern, accord to mr. eisenberg. 
 compaq comput corp. report it fourth-quart net incom more than tripl and sale more than doubled, despit the first full brunt of competit from intern busi machin corp. newest person comput line. 
 the most power comput in that line, which challeng compaq microcomput aim at big businesses, weren't avail in larg quantiti until the fourth quarter.when the armonk, n.y.-bas comput giant debut the ps/2 line last april 2, some industri watcher predict that compaq and mani other comput maker might be bad hurt by the ibm machines, which incorpor chang to the comput design ibm had use sinc 1981 in it origin pc line. 
 ms. cool said she suspect kodak might exit the busi becaus it hadn't introduc an improv version of the disk sinc februari 1986.kodak product announc last month includ everyth but disk camera -- two new 35mm camera lines, a new 110 camera and a new dispos camera. 
 he said he doesn't expect kodak will resum product of the disk.h expect the current disk manufactur capac to be shift to produc a line of recent introduc 35mm cameras. 
 donald p. kelli and kohlberg kravi robert & co. are in talk that could lead to anoth beatric co. spinoff or to mr. kelli buy one or more of beatric huge food lines. 
 mr. kelli and kohlberg kravi took beatric privat in a leverag buy-out two year ago.but beatric has individu food lines, includ swift meat and hunt tomato products, that could easili be spun off. 
 part becaus he was distract by his e-ii role, mr. kelli has had troubl peddl the whole company.th most like spin-off candid are the swift meat line and tropicana juices, analyst said. 
 such a high-end product "is a checkoff item for scientif and engin shop commit to one vendor," said john logan, an analyst with yanke group in boston.thos compani want to know that they could buy high-end graphic workstat that work with the rest of the line, he explained. 
 it move it person comput divis into the same group as it older typewrit division, a sign that those two market are converging.it also move a slow-sel line of midrang comput into the same group as ibm core business: the larg mainfram comput that run most big compani and govern finances. 
 other analyst said they believ mr. aker assert that the separ is a sign of ibm high hope for the 3x, which has more than 250,000 customers.on of ibm biggest new product of 1988 will be the first major addit to the 3x line in years, a machin code-nam "silverlake." 
 in a year-old disput just made public, marshal field has challeng the use of the mrs. field cooki name.chicago-bas marshal field said it learn last year that mrs. fields, a chain of store known for it cookies, was interest in bring out a line of cloth under the name mrs. fields. 
 qmax technolog group inc., dayton, ohio, said it is offer a new line of skin-treat gel for use by cosmet compani in their skin-car products.th line is relat to a famili of drug similar to retin-a, a vitamin a-rel compound made by a unit of johnson & johnson, a new brunswick, n.j.-base health-car product company. 
 most importantly, consult say, as presid of ibm communic product divis last year, she was one of the few execut to exceed her 1987 budget project and has becom a proteg of power ibm execut terri lautenbach.a the newli name general manag of ibm communic system group, mrs. hancock, 44 year old, take respons for about $4 billion to $5 billion in revenu from ibm entir line of telecommun products. 
 to better tap this embryon but tradit hard-to-reach market, the nation no. 3 aluminum maker said it was reorgan it european oper under a new unit.reynold also said it was look to beef up other consumer-product line there, includ aluminum foil and packaging. 
 he said that teradyn problem began when intel corp. select semiconductor tester from rival ltx corp., westwood, mass., for it high success new microprocessors.motorola corp. is believ to be decid between ltx and teradyn tester for it microprocessor line. 
 for the year end sept. 27, sale were $1.9 billion.american standard has made restructur moves, strengthen it posit in the repair and remodel market and emphas line with higher margins. 
 microcom make comput communic equipment.meridian market the carbon copi line of software. 
 ncr corp., ballyhoo the increas flexibl of it popular tower comput system, broaden the line for high-end and low-end user with four new models. 
 mr. gray said the same softwar system -- name the unix network, develop by american telephon & telegraph co. -- can be use on each tower model.in turn, that make individu comput programs, be they as simpl as a spreadsheet or as complex as control factori equipment, compat with everi part of the tower line. 
 but, with the introduct of the four ncr models, none seem quit as extensive."thi line is a bit fuller," said wendi abramowitz, an analyst with argus research corp., in new york. 
 the 32/200 is schedul to be avail in april, with a suggest list price of $5,445.the 32/850, now the most power on the tower supermicrocomput line, can serv as mani as 512 users. 
 but mr. shapiro say the compani may have a tougher sale job with simpless than it had with nutrasweet, sinc consum had seen sugar-substitut before.a a result, the compani is consid bring out it own line of food product contain simplesse. 
 revenu rose 4% to $281.7 million from $270.8 million.irv gould, chairman and chief execut officer, said demand for all product "exceed expectations" while the amiga line "is be establish solid and current repres 40% of total revenues." 
 but design are also offer women the shorter look with a bit more modesty.donna karan show culott in her spring line. 
 he expect more pant in the fall collection.but design say they haven't abandon the longer skirt and plan to includ it in their fall line as one option. 
 but sterl group inc., a houston investment-bank concern that special in leverag buy-outs, confirm it recent form sgi to purchas artcarved.artcarved, which make a line of diamond, wed and class rings, had annual sale exceed $100 million last year. 
 last september, brown-forman said it was consid the sale of the divis to focus it oper on alcohol beverages, china and luggage.in juli 1986, brown-forman liquid it unprofit keepsak jewelri line. 
 the oslo-bas comput maker earlier this month slash it estim of 1987 pretax earn to half the 475 million kroner ($74.8 million) post for 1986.norsk data intend to widen the intern market share of it success line of integr newspap and publish systems. 
 eastman kodak co., expand both it high-end and low-end camera line, introduc four new cameras, includ a 35mm version that will like sell for less than $50. 
 unit share close at $34.50, down 87.5 cents, in new york stock exchang composit trade yesterday.quart sale grew in flight systems, which includ sikorski helicopters, and defens electron and aircraft product lines; build systems, primarili oti elev and carrier air-condit systems; and industri products, such as automot products, essex wire and cable, and control systems. 
 in addition, mainfram sale rose a bit even though they have been ship in volum for three year and sale could normal be expect to slip at this stage of the product cycle.ibm said sale of the new line of person comput were strong. 
 said h.p. smith, an analyst with smith barney, harri upham & co., "the sale price is particular disconcert given the fact that the compani had been indic there were a larg number of compani express interest in this business."gould has been tri for 17 month to sell it defens businesses, and still has it larg navcom system unit and sever smaller line to sell. 
 sale rose to $243.4 million from $214.6 million.th groceri product concern, which also make paints, stain and product for the food-servic industry, said shipment were up in all it lines. 
 wine group is a san francisco-bas limit partnership.glenmore, a distil beverag producer, said it may redeploy the cash in it exist lines. 
 last july, scott chairman philip lipincott set a sale target of $1 billion for europ by 1990, constitut about a fourth of total compani sales.among scott european brand are andrex, the lead bathroom tissu in britain, and le trefle, a popular french line of sanitari paper goods.scott also market cotonell bathroom tissu in itali and the sancel line in spain. 
 soni corp. last year introduc it my first soni line of audio product for children four and up.fisher-pric toys, a divis of quaker oat co., roll out a $225 kid camcord this christmas, a pricey departur from it mainstay line of preschool toys. 
 one analyst said he thought increas competit in the market for 286-base comput was also behind the price cut."pric pressur is realli heat up in this area," said jim poyner, an analyst with rauscher pierc refsn inc. mr. poyner predict a few week ago in an invest report that compaq would have to cut price becaus of aggress price cut by ibm. offici price of ibm lastest line of comput haven't chang sinc the machin were introduc april 2, but mr. poyner believ ibm import direct sale force, which sell comput to larg corporations, is offer bigger discounts. 
 onc known as a pretzel maker, j&j has broaden it product base by acquir sever compani in recent years.among it newer line are cookies, frozen juic and churros, a hispan specialti pastry. 
 in 1987, the compani acquir a control interest in icee-usa, a market of semi-frozen carbon beverages, and vernon, calif.-bas southern food products, a maker of bake goods.j&j also acquir the frostar line of frozen treat and trotter soft pretzels. 
 deer & co. said it plan to lay off indefinit about 150 worker at it construction-equip assembl plant here.th maker of farm, industrial, and lawn and garden equip said the layoff are due to complet of the introduct of a new line of crawler-bulldoz and what a spokesman call "minor reduct in product schedules." 
 one of these, the premier, is especi important.it is the first model in the new eagl brand of car that chrysler plan to sell through the 1,400 dealer it ad to it distribut network when it pick up american motors. (the eagl line isn't to be confus with the eagl model former sold by amc.) 
 that compani popular and profit jeep model were a major reason chrysler made the acquisition.but chrysler figur it can get the most bang for it buck by creat a new line of car that appeal to jeep owner -- typic young and upscal type who now buy, say, a saab to go along with their jeep. 
 but consum aren't easili swayed."th tough part is how long will it take" to get a good car line for eagle, say mr. iacocca. 
 analyst said the softwar should help ashton-t remov some of the consider concern over whether it can updat the vener dbase product to keep up with the new generat of comput hardwar and operating-system software.for microsoft, analyst said the agreement will ensur that it can offer the general public the sort of product that intern busi machin corp. has promis it custom with it newest line of person computers. 
 but emhart isn't abandon it past as a consum and industri product compani either, as the stanadyn bid shows.emhart is primarili interest in stanadyn moen brand of plumb products, which emhart say would make a natur fit with it consum hardwar and housewar lines. 
 gm has schedul overtim shift tomorrow at it baltimor truck plant and for postal vehicl product at it moraine, ohio, truck plant.gm pontiac, mich., west plant, which build blazer and jimmi sport util trucks, will be close until jan. 18 for instal of a new engin line. 
 dow has indicated, however, that it appetit isn't yet filled.last week, it offer to acquir a.h. robin over-the-count drug line from rorer group for $950 million if rorer should be the success bidder for robins. 
 however, the decis to entertain buyer for talbot and eddi bauer repres a turnabout for general mills.at the septemb annual meeting, chairman h. brewster atwat jr. outlin ambiti growth plans, includ 15 to 20 new outlet and introduct of a children line for eddi bauer, and a $190 million expans for talbot retail and direct-market operations. 
 as previous reported, the palo alto-bas company, onc known as coopervis inc., last year unsuccess sought to be acquired.th compani has sold it ophthalm pharmaceut line and current oper includ medic diagnost and ophthalmalog surgic equip and lenses. 
 market the vidal sassoon product to retail and catalog showroom account for about 80% of it business.helen of troy also sell it own line of profession hair-car applianc to salons, about 10% of it sales. 
 the new agenc is like to be a much smaller one than thompson, an industri sourc said.thompson recent account loss includ pillsburi co. $200 million burger king corp. account, $100 million of ford motor co. busi in europ and latin america, the $30 million account for pepsico inc. slice soft drink line, and a dozen smaller accounts. 
 the ad agenc compet for the saturn account haven't been given mani detail about the car saturn will make.th saturn line is expect to featur car that are smaller and lighter than the current gm cars. 
 maytag corp. said it plan to spend an addit $30 million to upgrad and expand it galesburg, ill., plant, which make the admir line of appliances. 
 "the complex and uncertainti of a possibl takeover" of rorer "have to hurt it chances," said h. arvid johnson, robin senior vice presid and general counsel.moreover, robin has react negat to rorer recent propos to financ a more generous bid by sell off some of robin prize consum drug lines, such as robitussin cough syrup, chap stick lip balm and dimetapp cold remedies. 
 design a product for able-bodi peopl so it also use to the handicap sometim requir onli imagination, not much money, as can be seen in a coupl of recent innovations.standard softwar for appl comput inc. macintosh line includ a file call "easi access" for peopl who can't type with both hand or have troubl manipul the mouse. 
 paris-bas kaysersberg, with annual sale of about $725 million, oper six plant and employ 3,600 workers.it market a broad line of towel and tissue, personal-car and health-car product in france, west germany, itali and the benelux countries. 
 equal unfound is mr. kelli implic that the american brand board of director has not been aggress seek meaning to enhanc sharehold value."american brand best-known line are it cigarett brands, includ pall mall, tareyton and lucki strike. 
 the compani also own such major liquor brand as jim beam, old granddad and old crow.oth line includ swinglin offic products, case cutlery, titleist and foot-joy golf item and master locks. 
 in 1986, mr. kelli was name as beatric chairman when it was acquir by kohlberg kravi robert & co., a new york invest concern, in a $6.2 billion leverag buy-out.in july, he took beatric non-food busi and some smaller specialti food line public as e-ii holdings. 
 it previous offer was about 13.3 million shares.ror also told robin that it revis acquisit propos "contemplates" the sale of robin over-the-count drug lines, such as robitussin, chap stick and dimetapp, to merrel dow pharmaceut inc. for $950 million.ror said it hadn't enter a formal agreement with merrel dow, a unit of dow chemic co. merrel dow offer in may to buy those line direct from robins. 
 the vms 5.0 -- price at up to $3,975 -- won't be found at record store near you, however.th digit program is the new oper system that control the basic function of the popular vax line of computers. 
 offici of the record industri associ of america, the group lead the opposit to digit tape recorders, couldn't be reach for comment.separately, as expected, tandi unveil a person computer, the tandi 5000, compat with ibm person system/2 line. 
 hachette, which claim it is now the world fourth-biggest media company, behind bertelsmann, capit cities/abc inc., and time inc., is be driven abroad in part by challeng at home.group de la cite, a recent agglomer of publish companies, is in most of hachett line and own half of the world biggest book club, which sell at great profit 26 million book a year to one frenchman in everi five. 
 contain kodacolor "gold," the box promin display that word in gold-color foil against a black background and a gold band run across the center of the box.th new print film and name will be market world-wid and will replac kodak high success line of vr-g films. 
 the compani doesn't disclos how much of it revenu -- $13.3 billion in 1987 -- is deriv from film sales, but film is kodak cash cow.th vr-g line of 35mm color-print amateur film, introduc three year ago, is aim at the fastest-grow market for film. 
 "microsoft has done a much better job in deliv new product to market than lotus," mr. sherlund said."they seem to get more bang from their r&d line than lotus." 
 spy, the bratti month magazin that tweak new york rich and powerful, will launch a new line of book with dolphin/doubleday this fall. 
 he predict continu strong sale of such recent product as the cordless screwdriver, air station air pump, handi chopper food processor and spacemak popcorn popper.a part of the new strategy, the compani has been develop innov in it line of power-tool accessories, includ piranha saw blade and bullet pilot point drill bits. 
 parker hannifin corp. said it complet the previous announc acquisit of pullman co. brune hydraul and waterman hydraul divis for $24.5 million.th acquisit broaden parker hydraul part product line. 
 grow group, which make household product and specialti chemic coat and paints, also said it expect to report a loss from continu oper for the third quarter end march 31 of about $1 million.in the year-earli period, earn from continu line were $773,000. 
 in the chemic group, increas sale of mine reagents, water-treat chemic and engin materi contribut to the gains.meanwhile, the compani consumer-product business, the shulton group, had higher sale of such household line as pine-sol liquid cleaner and combat pest-control products. 
 dell comput corp., as expected, becam the first compani to announc copi of intern busi machin corp. year-old person system/2 comput line, but dell model won't be avail until the fourth quarter. 
 a warhol calendar is in the works, but mr. schlaifer also envis warhol posters, note cards, bathmats, shop bags, ties, handbag and scarfs.ther are talk with bloomingdal about a housewar line. 
 it didn't break out product-lin results, but a spokesman said it world-wid mainfram shipment rose from the year-earli quarter and that the compani saw "continu strength" from mainframes.th biggest shot in the arm for ibm may have been the februari announc of an unglamor but pivot import product: a new piec of softwar to control the basic work of ibm three-year-old sierra line of mainframes. 
 the biggest shot in the arm for ibm may have been the februari announc of an unglamor but pivot import product: a new piec of softwar to control the basic work of ibm three-year-old sierra line of mainframes.som analyst believ the thousand of corpor and govern that run their financ on million-dollar ibm mainfram hadn't previous had a compel reason to trade up to the sierra line. 
 the current quarter should go a long way to clarifi ibm long-term outlook by resolv some crucial question outsid the mainfram marketplace.ibm year-old ps/2 person comput line will see it first clone enter the market, begin with some announc next week. 
 specul in the industri is that ibm will pull the wrap off silverlak on june 21.it has huge potenti for ibm becaus it will be pitch as a replac for a line with more than 275,000 current customers, the 3x. 
 as for at&t view of the bargain, it manag say that while olivetti machin fit well with at&t u.s. product line, it wouldn't be difficult for at&t to find anoth source.at&t has been dissatisfied, moreover, with olivetti sale of it 3b2 minicomput and system 75 phone switchboard line in europe. 
 polaroid corp., as expected, unveil a new low-pric line of instant camera call impulse. 
 he disclos how vulner anyon who cover the white hous is to the anonym aid who dispens quot everi day.i think anonym quot are often useful, even important, but everyon know they can also be a tool to push a sourc latest line. 
 "the market still seem to be strong, the traffic is good.w anticip sell out (to dealers) earlier this year than in past year on virtual all car and truck lines." 
 but, he adds, "not all the product and merchandis have been chang yet to be consist with that focus."gm dug a hole for itself, as compani offici see it, by blur the distinct between buick and oldsmobile, and between those car and other gm lines. 
 for a half-century, the compani divis form a progression: a custom start with a chevrolet, switch to a pontiac if he was flashy, progress to a more conserv oldsmobil and then a more opul buick, and finally, if he made it big, land a cadillac.then came the look-alik era of the earli 1980s, when gm downsiz it model line and cut cost by share mani basic part across divisions. 
 execut of at&t data system group have said last year fourth-quart sale of person comput were hurt by slow deliveri from olivetti.at&t also has been unhappi with olivetti launch a minicomput line in europ that compet with at&t 3b line, instead of tri harder to sell at&t products. 
 at&t olivetti machin run on intern busi machin corp. oper systems, and the presid of at&t data system group, vittorio cassoni, who came from olivetti in 1986, said at&t doesn't have ani plan to emphas unix on the desktop.at&t has said it plan to use unix run on sun power sparc microprocessor for it new line of minicomput due out next year. 
 digit equip corp. is expect to introduc short a seri of new comput to replac the middl of it popular vax line. 
 in performance, they will overlap sever ibm computers, includ part of the ibm 9370 line and the 4381 line.analyst specul that digit is anxious to announc calypso befor ibm introduc the silverlak line. 
 we are neither seek or solicit offers."mr. smilow said the compani will go ahead with previous disclos plan to sell it jhirmack inc. hair-car line. 
 mr. teet say that "we'v been restructur for four year and basic we'v just finish up" with a way to shed the loss-produc verex mortgag insur business.last fall, the former food-servic execut bought the dobb hous airport restaur and other food-servic line from carson piri scott for $326 million, boost debt to about 50% of total capital. 
 just now, though, the two industri are more apart than together.som analyst contend, moreover, that at&t can do better computer it phone network than creat it own line of computers. 
 a spokesman said the new label don't address qualiti or pricing, but instead attempt to organ sear current offer accord to lifestyl of custom it is targeting.th apostroph line, for example, extend and bring togeth under a singl contemporari label the cheryl tieg casual cloth and stefani power career cloth alreadi sold in sear stores. 
 ibm never challeng the right of mani clone-mak to replic it earlier machines.ibm has indic that it expect legal clone of it ps/2 line to appear, but didn't expect them to arriv quit so fast, and has said it certain wouldn't do anyth to make life easier for the clone makers. 
 near everi cosmet is sold under the pretend imprimatur of one or both of these oracles.th sale forc for este lauder cliniqu line, for instance, dress in white lab coat to hustl it hospital-green bottl and tubes. 
 sun microsystem will unveil today a line of general-purpos comput workstat built around intel popular 80386 microprocessor. 
 "we own the roper brand name.w attain that object and we have full intent to proceed with our plan to introduc a full line of roper home appliances," mr. whitwam said. 
 and he flunk his first screen test; the studio reject his cockney accent, his "bowlegs" and his "thick neck."yet he still becam the flagship of hollywood dreamboat line. 
 some, such as monsanto co., have shed near all their commod chemicals.others, such as dow chemic co., are retain certain basic product and build complementari specialti lines. 
 general time produc watch and clock sold under the westclox, big ben and babi ben and seth thoma names.talley has been restructur it oper to emphas businesses, includ it automot air bag line, that have higher growth rates. 
 campbel soup co. said it will introduc sever frozen-breakfast products, signific expand it effort in one of the food industri fastest grow segments.in may, the camden, n.j.-base soup maker will roll out a new line of 99-cent frozen budget breakfasts, as well as a microwav belgian waffl that requir a tricki technolog feat to make it palatable. 
 follow the announc yesterday morning, price pfister share soar $7 to close at $17.50 in nation over-the-count trading.emhart, a maker of industrial, consum and electron goods, said price pfister residential-plumb line would complement emhart construct and do-it-yourself products. 
 in addition, the product reli on special packaging, frequent use in other microwav product like pizza, to help keep it crispi on the outside.campbell, which alreadi has a $1.29 to $1.69 line of frozen breakfast call swanson great starts, isn't alon in pursu breakfast-eaters. 
 so edwin lopez, who is tri to claim some space on those shelv for new product from campbel soup co., has his work cut out.mr. lopez is work hispan neighborhood tri to break down the fierc loyalti to goya product and make inroad for campbel new casera line of more than 50 food product aim at hispan of caribbean origin. 
 benihana nation corp., miami, plan to close it unprofit big splash-seafood emporium restaur line as part of it drive to "get back to basics" and focus on japanes cooking, joel schwartz, president, said in an interview. 
 it fell 3 1/8 to 82 1/2 after it said will ceas product of chlorofluorocarbons, a famili of chemic that have been found to damag the atmospher ozon layer.du pont is the nation largest produc of the chemicals, though the line is a relat small part of it business. 
 the emphasi on headgear is expect to last at least through the fall.christian lacroix fall line, for example, includ velvet and flower worn close to the head. 
 intel corp., which fled the comput memory-chip busi in 1985, took a tentat step toward re-ent it by agre to market memori chip made by micron technolog inc., one of onli two u.s. concern that still make them.santa clara, calif.-bas intel -- which make a broad line of semiconductor product -- along with most other big u.s. chip makers, quit make so-cal dram, or dynam random access memory, chip after japanes chip maker flood the u.s. with cheap memori chip earlier in the decade. 
 in fact, some lawyer say, the appl suit itself could well turn on a 1986 decis involv stuf dinosaurs.in that case, decid in 1986 by robert p. aguilar, the same san jose, calif., feder judg assign to hear the appl suit, a pair of toy design su a compani for infring their copyright on a line of dinosaur dolls. 
 it isn't clear whether the vehicl will retain the chevrolet name or just carri the chevi "bow tie" emblem.in ani event, chevrolet hope to launch geo this fall, almost two year befor the debut of gm saturn car line, anoth new namepl that, unlik geo, will also be a separ franchise. 
 h.j. heinz co. said it star-kist food inc. unit enter a definit agreement to buy the pet-food oper of california home brand hold inc. term weren't disclosed.california home brand line consist primarili of can dog and cat foods, includ the skippi premium, vets, sturdy, petuna and glamour puss labels. 
 that kind of world is an increas headach for ibm.it first line of pcs, born in 1981, was overrun by clone that had all the featur of a big blue comput for less money. 
 it bought the chip at the heart of the machin from intel corp. and the program that guid the machin basic function from then-fledgl microsoft corp.that made it easier for other compani to flank the ibm line with softwar and accessories. 
 regenc electron inc. said it agre to sell it consum product line to uniden corp. of america, also of indianapolis, for $12 million. 
 regenc electron inc. said it agre to sell it consum product line to uniden corp. of america, also of indianapolis, for $12 million.th maker of electron communic equip said the purchas price repres $8 million over the book valu of the products, which are the compani line of scanner and marin radios. 
 henley said it plan a public offer of $1 billion of subordin debentur to refin $980 million of bank debt now outstand under a $2.3 billion line of credit.th compani said it also expect to replac it exist line with a new facil total more than $2.5 billion. 
 but alf didn't make up for the declin cabbag patch sales, and industri analyst and buyer expect alf to slow consider this year.on problem, say a former execut who ask not to be identified, is that coleco has devot too much research-and-develop effort to expand it cabbag patch line, to littl avail. 
 but his most import move was to take ward away from it tradit approach of being, like sears, a private-label mass merchandiser.h transform ward into a low-pric specialti chain focus around such line as consum electron and home furnishings. 
 "we believ that if the ftc conduct the thorough review warrant here, it will agre with our position," mr. whitwam said.whirlpool has said it plan to expand roper line of kitchen rang into a broader select of household appliances.th compani has also charg that ge enter the bid for roper becaus the fairfield, conn.-bas compani fear competit from a whirlpool-rop combination, especi against it hotpoint applianc line. 
 often, debt is balloon by well-intent effort to reshap a compani business.allegheni intern inc., onc primarili a steel producer, set out a decad ago to strengthen it consumer-product lines, main through acquisitions. 
 a computer-market pact between intern busi machin corp. and britain ferranti intern plc herald a major ibm campaign to boost european sale of it new line of person computers.und the agreement announc last week, the medium-s british electron compani will relabel and sell ibm new ps/2 line of person comput along with it comput products. 
 mrs. tompkin feel that esprit move too fast at a time when it need to paus and reorient it image."expans put a lot of pressur on the {product} line," she says. 
 despit such extravagance, he adds, at least some esprit store are profitable.similar excess got esprit into troubl with some depart store sell it line. 
 offici of the compani said it will use the new chip as the heart of new model of it 4300 seri of workstations, which are capabl of produc three-dimensional, full-color graphic imag use in computer-aid engin and design.an earlier generat of microprocessor made by motorola power tektronix exist line of technic workstations. 
 ncr corp. introduc a new line of minicomput for link network of person comput or termin in offices. 
 the addit product in the agreement consist of a line of hand soap and soap dispens sold under the boraxo and luron name for the medic market, and a hand cleaner line for the automot market, greyhound said.a spokeswoman for greyhound said the negoti to buy the consum and industri line of the u.s. borax 20 mule team divis were handl separately, but that the purchas are expect to close at the same time. 
 not surprisingly, the market strong sale are attract big food processors.carn co., for example, is race to build a nation presenc with it contadina fresh pasta & chees line. 
 general food corp. is test it culinova gourmet entre and ronzoni refriger pasta and sauces.and kraft inc. recent began test it chilleri line of refriger salad as well as pizza kit and pasta-and-sauc dinners. 
 talley also said it may pay addit stock and cash if mcmullen achiev certain earn over the next five years.talley said the purchas is part of it previous announc restructur plan to focus on govern contracting, electron part and technic services, and sell it slow-grow consum lines. 
 welbilt corp. said it agre to distribut home applianc in the u.s. for bimak s.p.a., a florence, italy-bas maker of consum appliances.welbilt said it will distribut a line of small applianc includ cappuccino machines, irons, ice-cream machin and food processor under the ariet label. 
 a few store are bet heavili on higher hemlines.henri bendel, new york, say 90% of it line will be short for the spring. 
 compens soar to otherworld level as young wizard jump from firm to firm in pursuit of an ever-fast fortune.secur firm expand headlong, throw peopl and money at line that show even a glint of promise. 
 the credit line, to be use for work capital, extend through march 31, 1990, and replac a $60 million bank credit line that expir jan. 31.as previous reported, intern technolog said last month that it need to negoti addit credit, becaus cash from oper and exist bank credit wouldn't be enough to fund oper until the compani receiv proceed from the sale of certain discontinu lines. 
 digit equip lost 4 to close at 120 3/8.the compani introduc a new line of power comput call vax 8800. 
 ms. preston said she expect the tandi model will use a chip set from intel corp., santa clara, calif., that mimic the basic oper of the ibm computer.however, a former tandi employee, who ask not to be identified, said the key chip set would be made by chip & technolog inc., a milpitas, calif., compani that make chip use by a varieti of clone maker to copi ibm first generat person comput line. 
 ibm introduc it ps/2 line last april, partial in a bid to regain market share lost to lower-cost clones.ibm freeli allow other maker to copi the model in it pc line, start in 1981, to help establish it design in the face of competit from appl comput inc.but inexpens copi ate into ibm sales, and with the ps/2 line ibm indic it would guard it invent more closely. 
 the canadian concern, as expected, also sought to block payment of so-cal breakup fee to maci from federated.maci sec file confirm it previous report plan to sell feder discount-stor line and it ralph supermarket unit, as well as unspecifi depart stores. 
 canada elizabeth manley, who unexpect won a silver medal in figur skating, is be consid by three u.s. compani for ad that would run in canada and part of the u.s., say her agent, michael a. rosenberg of bever hills.anoth of his clients, u.s. figure-skat jill trenary, didn't even win a medal but is still be consid by a hair-car line, he says. 
 such arrang would dilut the compani control over sale of it technology, and could step on the toe of ibm sale repres and dealer by creat competit for them.th fact that the armonk, n.y., comput giant is will to consid such arrang larg reflect it attempt to establish it ps/2 line as a standard. 
 some competitors, such as compaq comput corp., have profit sinc the ps/2 introduct last april by sell to custom who didn't want to make the sometim awkward transit to the new ibm hardware.ibm itself continu to sell in europ part of it old line of computers, and mr. low said sale of those product have remain stronger than he expected. 
 olivetti also is respons for all personal-comput and workstat develop for american telephon & telegraph co., a relationship that could complic olivetti talk with ibm.in addition, clone of ibm ps/2 line are expect to be market in the u.s. soon. 
 intern busi machin corp. label as prematur a compani execut statement that ibm is discuss cooper with european rival in it new ps/2 line of person computers. 
 reagan thus becom the nation sixth-largest outdoor advertis company, with about 10,000 signs. . . .trim fat, wilson food corp. say it will follow it recent introduct of a 96% fat-fre ham product with a new deli lite line of low-cholesterol and low-fat deli meats. 
 the stronger sales, in fact, encourag gm to reduc the rebat on the model this week, to $500 from $600.but gm yesterday slap it first-ev incent on the new buick regal, the first in a new line of midsiz car the compani is count on to boost market share, becaus of less-than-robust sales. 
 first boston has been tri to sell beatric remain food businesses, includ swift-eckrich, sinc last september.but sourc said mr. kelli has ask wasserstein, perella & co. -- the new invest bank firm form by former first boston merger chief bruce wasserstein and joseph perella -- to peddl beatric tropicana juic lines. 
 but sourc said mr. kelli has ask wasserstein, perella & co. -- the new invest bank firm form by former first boston merger chief bruce wasserstein and joseph perella -- to peddl beatric tropicana juic lines.sourc said it is believ salomon inc. salomon brother inc. unit has been ask to sell two other beatric lines, hunt tomato product and wesson cook oil. 
 the chip is the piec of silicon that actual perform computations.th lisp chip is now avail onli in texa instrument explor ii line, which was introduc last summer. 
 but the compani further boost it shoe-lin develop staff by 50%, and plan to upgrad it remain 15 u.s. factories.mr. gleason said a number of wolverin lines, includ hush puppi casual shoes, brook athlet shoe and wolverin brand work shoes, began use new design or enter new area in the past year. 
 while microsoft would be prevent from sell it older program in brazil, the redmond, wash., compani would be assur of a possibl larger market for subsequ programs, they said.meanwhile, brasilia also appear to be retreat from a report plan to allow a brazilian compani to manufactur an imit of a wide use line of person comput design by appl comput inc. u.s. trade offici earlier said that brazil disregard for the patent right of u.s. comput maker was anoth reason for the threaten sanctions. 
 sparkl water brand asant and saratoga are be sold by anheus busch cos., along with the zeltzer seltzer natur soda line. 
 convex comput corp. today is expect to introduc a new line of mini-supercomput that it hope will broaden the appeal of the power machin beyond the univers and research institut that have been their mainstay. 
 at&t last develop agreement with a comput concern, sun microsystem inc., eventu led to at&t take a stake in that company.at&t forg the sun agreement to improv it own comput line. 
 canadian jeep/eagl dealer said sale have also suffer in canada becaus custom appear somewhat confus over the market nich that premier is attempt to fill.though the premier is aim direct at ford motor co. taurus and sabl line, some canadian dealer said buyer expect a less expens car in a price rang similar to the low-pric subcompact model amc former built. 
 then came talk that a french concern want to acquir u.s. consum product compani such as chicago pacif or the sunbeam unit of allegheni international, which file for chapter 11 protect from creditor last weekend.ther is also the new "elite" line of hoover vacuums, due to be unveil march 16 at a plaza hotel gala in new york. 
 control data corp. enhanc it general-purpos mainfram comput line with four top-end machin featur larger memori and more comput capacity. 
 greyhound corp. said it agre to purchas the borateem, boraxo and 20 mule team household product line and asset from the u.s. borax & chemic corp. unit of london-bas rtz corp. 
 kodak also disclos flaw that lower the suppos 10-year life of it ultralif nine-volt batteries.black & decker, one of kodak largest batteri customers, is pull thousand of flashlight from store and stop shipment of a new line of smoke detector that carri the battery. 
 intertorg inc., a sacramento, calif., importer, plan to set up a separ compani to introduc soviet fashion to the u.s., particular the creation of mr. zaitsev -- design to raisa gorbachev and the bolshoi ballet.anoth group is negoti to licens a line of cloth creat by a team of 20 american and soviet designers. 
 the soviet coutur has gotten quit haut of late, their fashion spokesmen insist.design there haven't ani intent of flood the u.s. with siberia-made, scratchi woolen sock or a line of apres-bowl wear. 
 but the compani is find synergi between beer and the snack-food busi a tougher nut to crack.anheus expect it eagl brand snack line to lose at least $10 million this year, and mr. ritter wouldn't estim for analyst when the line might becom profitable. 
 that bad news for black & decker corp., one of it larg customers.black & decker said it is pull thousand of flashlight from store shelv and stop shipment on a new line of smoke detector that carri kodak so-cal ultralif nine-volt battery. 
 however, the batteri didn't reach the mass market until the next year becaus of problem gear up production.kodak also market a line of japanese-mad alkalin batteries. 
 noxel corp. is about to give it clarion cosmet line a new advertis look. 
 the account is expect to bill about $20 million this year, make it one of the largest cosmet account in the u.s.lintas, which has had noxel as a client for 41 years, will continu to creat ad for the hunt valley, md., compani cover girl makeup and noxema skin cream lines. 
 the spokesman said that noxel has told the compani that the clarion product will be repackag and further promoted."w are go to stay with the line becaus noxel has histor been a good vendor for us," he added. 
 the noxel spokeswoman said that the compani doesn't break out sale of it individu product lines, but that clarion sale are "right on target" with the compani expectations.market most in drug stores, the clarion line use comput to help custom choos their makeup shades. 
 mr. mottus said noxel will probabl have to focus on one or the other in it advertising.mr. mottus ad that noxel may have been "spoil by" the success of it cover girl line. 
 polaroid corp. disclos friday it is seek $5.7 billion in damag from kodak as a result of it success patent infring suit.and black & decker corp. last week said it was pull two line of flashlight off the shelv becaus of flaw in the kodak ultralif nine-volt lithium batteri that power them. 
 warner-lambert co. said it definit agre to acquir certain candi line from rjr nabisco inc. and ad that it expect first-quart per-shar earn to rise 20%.term of the candi line transact weren't disclosed. 
 but those shortag should eas as the year progresses.in addition, ibm, which has been heavili discount part of it latest pc line, has indic it will put veri low price on some product it will bring out this year.ibm said last week, for instance, that by rough year end, it will have a product at the price of it entry-level model 25 but that contain the central processor use in it model 50 and 60, which are the middl of it line and cost far more than the model 25. 
 comput autom inc. is an obscure, thin trade california compani that has been plung into a patent controversi in the fractious person comput market.at issu is a comput autom design that intern busi machin corp. quiet arrang to use insid it new line of person computers, the ps/2. 
 rumor circul about the patent last year, but inform was scarc until comput autom last month made a second announcement.it said the patent cover a memori process use insid the top model of the ps/2 line, and said ibm would pay the firm an undisclos royalti on sale of those models. 
 mr. richman said glenview, ill.-bas kraft expect profit increas for the year, but didn't specifi how much.earn also are expect to benefit from a lower tax rate, a productivity-improv campaign that could reduc expens $25 million and the divestitur of kraft duracel batteri unit, celesti season tea line, citrus busi and avoset, a contract packer, the compani said. 
 anticip shelf life of the product would rang from two to four weeks.last year kraft test-market a line of chill chocol and salads. 
 allegi rose 7/8 to 72 on volum of 473,600 shares.ashton-t unveil a new line of dbase iv data base manag softwar design for os-2 and ms-dos-bas person computers. 
 gerald greenwald, chairman of chrysler chrysler motor unit, said that mitsubishi motor corp. will produc the car in japan until a new chrysler-mitsubishi joint-ventur plant in normal, ill., is complet in 1989.the summit will be the third car in the eagl line of chrysler new jeep/eagl division. 
 in miami, the wealthiest latin enclav in the u.s., american express co. plan to featur promin hispan in a spanish-languag version of it portrait campaign.and campbell, asid from promot it soup, is make a major push into the hispan market with a line of caribbean-typ foods. 
 mr. canion also said compaq, which has tradit tri to outpac ibm in hardwar enhancements, was follow ibm in announc the avail of os/2 becaus the oper system "is an area where you don't want two compani fight over which version is right."ibm maintain that os/2 will run faster and with clearer graphic on it person system/2 line of comput than on compar compaq computers. 
 the japanese, meanwhile, are emphas luxuri car with hot engin and price under $30,000.nissan motor co. and toyota motor co. plan to unveil new luxuri line in 1989. 
 however, onli $18.1 million, or 39 cent a share, was attribut to ongo activities, with earn of $80.3 million come from the greyhound capit corp. oper that was sold in octob 1986.in the latest quarter, profit attribut to continu line was $18.5 million, or 49 cent a share. 
 intern busi machin corp. disclos that it comput hardwar profit margin rose at the end of 1987, surpris industri analyst and suggest that it long spell of erod profit may final be over.separately, industri sourc said ibm will make a major mainfram announc next tuesday, and specul that it will includ long-await softwar enhanc that would serv as a midlif kicker for ibm tire mainfram line. 
 isoetec communic inc. of darien, conn., and vodavi technolog corp., scottsdale, ariz., said they complet their plan purchas of the executon divis of contel corp. for $61 million.each compani purchas a 50% stake in executone, which market and servic a line of busi telephon systems. 
 analyst read the results, which were in line with most estimates, as indic that compaq is still success beat back competit from ibm new ps/2 line.th most power comput in that line, which challeng compaq microcomput aim at big businesses, weren't avail in larg quantiti until the fourth quarter. 
 h.j. heinz co., whose star-kist line is a major produc of tuna and pet foods, said it agre to acquir close held bumbl bee seafood inc. of san diego. 
 the latest quarter includ a gain of $2.5 million, or one cent a share, from discontinu operations.year-earli result includ a $2.5 million loss from discontinu lines. 
 analyst estim ibm ship onli 3,000 to 4,000 units.th postal servic contract alon could produc purchas of as mani as 904 ibm minicomput -- either the various model of the 9370 line or a model of the more power 4300 line. 
 qmax technolog group inc., dayton, ohio, said it is offer a new line of skin-treat gel for use by cosmet compani in their skin-car products. 
 e-ii was name as esmark reincarnation.sinc april 1986, he has sold or taken public eight major part of beatrice, includ it intern playtex inc. person product line and avi rental car chain, for about $6.1 billion.kohlberg kravi and it investor are about even on their investment, and beatric most valuabl food line are still unsold. 
 donald kelli is hold talk with kohlberg kravi that could lead to anoth beatric co. spinoff, or to mr. kelli buy one or more of beatric huge food lines. 
 nashua corp. said it agre to buy low-pric copier and relat suppli from mita industri co. of japan for distribut outsid the u.s.nashua said the mita line will complement the midrang ricoh co. copier and expens intern busi machin corp. copier it distribut outsid the u.s. 
 oper profit, exclud a sharp rise in interest expense, more than quadrupl to $43.6 million, main becaus of a rebound in the film entertain unit, which had $24.5 million in pretax earnings, compar with a year-earli oper loss of $49.4 million.but mca said it toy product had a pretax loss of $21.6 million, compar with year-earli profit of $10 million, becaus of disappoint sale and shipment delay in the gotcha! toy line. 
 weyerhaeus co. said earn in it fourth quarter end dec. 27 jump 35% on a 23% sale increase, as the dollar declin strengthen market for mani lines. 
 dure mr. gray tenur at unit technologies, the compani bet billion of dollar on two new engin that, so far at least, aren't pay off.mr. gray cancel a third engin project, leav a gape hole in pratt & whitney line that fanci engin footwork permit ge to fill. 
 chanel also plan to run ad in the wall street journal.consult to the beauty-product busi believ este lauder inc. and cosmair inc. lancom line are like to follow archriv chanel lead in test new media. 
 moreover, mr. gray said, tower are so-cal "open-architecture" computers, mean they are easili adapt to equip made by other companies.analyst said a few other line -- notabl digit equip corp. microvax ii and a seri made by san jose, calif.-bas alto comput system inc. -- are equal tractable. 
 he will be respons for a reorgan market organization, and will continu to overse sales, servic and part operations."thi realign put car and truck under one organization," mr. iacocca said in a statement yesterday, "and will allow us to place increas concentr on domest product-develop activ for all car and truck lines." 
 sequent make comput that har as mani as 30 so-cal parallel microprocessor to provid the power of a convent mainfram comput for a much lower cost.in the fourth quarter, sequent ship 80 comput systems, 37 of which repres the initi shipment of it new symmetri line of comput that use intel corp. state-of-the-art 80386 microprocessors. 
 the long-await clone of intern busi machin corp. new ps/2 line of person comput could be on dealer shelv as soon as may -- and even if custom aren't that eager for them, big blue lawyer are. 
 first, ibm will be take step to improv the posit of it 9370 minicomputer, by far the compani worst product disappoint of 1987.in addition, one of ibm biggest new product of the year will be a potenti lucrat addit to it midrang line. 
 term weren't disclosed.motorola, a maker of semiconductor and electron equipment, said the division, which has annual sale of about $35 million, will complement it exist line of radio frequenc semiconductors, which are use in mobil communications, cabl televis distribution, avionics, and other consum and industri applications. 
 such criticism, particular on the need for new products, "is an easi answer but i'm not sure it the right answer," counter mr. ferri."our tradit competitor don't have a much broader line, but they do better financi than we do. 
 market new interest in children reach far beyond toy counters, however.soni corp. last year introduc it my first soni line of audio product for children four and up. 
 thus, even compani that don't sell to children have come to recogn the need, as texa a&m mr. mcneal put it, "to start grow their custom early."black & decker corp. has licens it name to a line of toy that are miniatur version of it small appliances. 
 in addition, the compani is demand that dealer assign special showroom space, sale personnel and servic technician to the yugo cars.without this commitment, mr. prior worri that dealer will pay more attent to their main car line and "orphan" the yugo, just as sale for all auto maker are head into a slump. 
 quarter sale grew in flight systems, which includ sikorski helicopters, and defens electron and aircraft product lines; build systems, primarili oti elev and carrier air-condit systems; and industri products, such as automot products, essex wire and cable, and control systems.sal slip less than 1%, however, in the segment that includ the pratt & whitney engin lines. 
 analyst say p&g, which has been sell upgrad dispos diaper in europe, recent has come back strong there as a result of an intern restructur and is increas it market share.p&g sell ultra pamper and ultra pamper plus, a more absorb diaper line that has improv fasteners, mr. freedman said. 
 revenu for the latest period jump to $14 million from $8.7 million.softwar presid and chief execut officer, fred m. gibbons, said: "the continu strength in sale growth is a direct result of our success in sell to corpor accounts," with the compani harvard graphic and first choic softwar line pace the advance. 
 the sale agreement is subject to the approv of both compani board and is expect to be complet by may 1.as part of the transaction, avon will keep a minor interest in foster intraven therapi line. 
 compaq comput corp. cut price on it midlevel comput by 10%, cite a "substanti increase" in manufactur capac and a desir to maintain the model competit position.th compani cut price on it line of comput built around the intel corp. 80286 microchip, now the mainstay of medium-pr machin compat with intern busi machin corp. computers. 
 the agenc ultim could forc a recal of the cars.whatev the case, the question rais about the h-bodi car aren't good news for gm, which alreadi is suffer from sluggish sale of it broader line of vehicles. 
 mccormick & co., a maker of spices, flavor and other food products, said it agre in principl to acquir the spice island line of spices, herb and vinegar from specialti brand inc., a subsidiari of unit biscuit plc. 
 campbel soup co. said it agre in principl to acquir the mari line of refriger salad dressings, the ripe oliv busi and an oliv process plant in spain from the specialti brand inc. unit of unit biscuit plc. 
 as previous reported, appl is expect to use the same forum to announc tomorrow a formal agreement with digit equip corp. for joint develop of product that link comput made by the two companies.appl new laserwrit ii famili of printers, which will replac it previous line of laser printers, will be price from $2,799 to $6,599. 
 mr. blumenth said initi result have been encourag for product design to win new customers.th a1, the low end of a strateg line of midrang computers, sold faster than unisi could produc them in the fourth quarter, he said. 
 most were eventu sold.in july, mr. kelli took beatric non-food and specialti line public as e-ii.american brand line of cigarette, liquor and other consum brand fit mr. kelli expans strategy. 
 west point-pepperel inc., west point, ga., post a 4.7% rise in fiscal first-quart profit from continu operations.a 21% to 24% jump in sale of textil wasn't match by the compani apparel lines. 
 b.a.t, a tobacco, retail and financi servic compani with interest rang from kool cigarett to sak fifth avenu depart stores, said it target farmer last summer as a vehicl for it long-expect expans into the u.s. financi servic industry.in recent years, b.a.t has been diversifi into faster-grow busi such as insur and mortgag lend and away from it slower-grow tobacco lines. 
 revenu rose 16% to $20.7 million from $17.8 million.th san diego-bas distributor of women sportswear said the loss result from loss of $580,000 from the sale of market secur follow black monday, as well as develop cost for new private-label lines. 
 but bill for that account are understood to be smaller than those origin project for the revlon account.separately, advertis agenc execut confirm that hill, holiday, connors, cosmopulo inc. has been select to develop advertis for revlon new clean & clear haircar product line. 
 godfath has introduc a less expensive, thin-crust pie use in it two-for-on specials.it develop the economi line becaus "we didn't want to cannib our premium-product sales," mr. henderson says. 
 burnt by early-1980 problem of excess capacity, a stagnant market and poor profit margins, chemic manufactur shed plant and product drastic until about two year ago, when the restructur began to show modest profits.now compani have enter a hold pattern -- cautious find way to increas output with minor adjustments, expand specialti line where they have littl competition, and begin to diversifi into relat products. 
 minstar said it will concentr on boat manufactur through it 82% ownership of genmar industri inc.minstar sport line includ ben hogan golf clubs, head tenni and ski equipment, and swim gear. 
 whirlpool corp. said it will discontinu it whirlpool brand line of floor-car product by the second quarter of 1988. 
 whirlpool corp. said it will discontinu it whirlpool brand line of floor-car product by the second quarter of 1988.the benton harbor, mich.-bas maker of major home applianc said although the floor-car busi is still attractive, the "premium niche" that it brand line target has becom increas competit and less profit sinc it entri into the market in 1985. 
 maytag acquir the plant in 1986 at the time of it acquisit of magic chef co., admir former parent.maytag said the first phase of the galesburg project, begun last year, is schedul for complet next year and will enabl it to produc it first line of refriger and freezer bear the maytag name. 
 "two or three year ago, that was unheard of."h said the declin also is due in part to fiercer competit from other japanes and korean auto maker that introduc new car line in 1987. 
 bayer also declin comment.ici, which has the stuart line, includ mylanta, say it "wouldn't foreclos on ani interest in expand it pharmaceut group." 
 in 1985, the compani shed a number of it non-food businesses.it spun off it toy busi to creat kenner parker toy inc. and it izod and ship 'n shore fashion line and monet jewelri unit into crystal brand inc. 
 the divis make comput storag tape for commerci customers.th compani said the plan sale will permit it to concentr on it more lucrat militari line of comput products. 
 "but our were up 50% in decemb over last year, and we think after-christma sale look strong too."helen of troy chief busi stem from be north american license for the vidal sassoon trademark on it line of applianc and accessories. 
 analyst have specul that bell & howel might sell it mail-handl equip busi or it intern oper after the merger is finalized.a spokesman for bell & howell, a publish and inform servic compani base in skokie, ill., wouldn't say which line might be sold. 
 nation medical, a close held concern, provid kidney dialysi product and services.grac said it rais it stake as part of a strategi to build a medic technolog busi within grace to complement certain exist specialty-chem lines. 
 american home, which is much larger than robins, would probabl have absorb robin completely, accord to analysts.ror said in it most recent bid last week that it would sell robin prize consum drug line after a merger. 
 ncr corp. unveil two model of it tower line of midrang comput and introduc advanc network softwar to allow the tower famili to oper as a central hub in a network of computers. 
 mr. achenbaum has count among his client some of the most visibl blue-chip advertis in the country, includ nissan, toyota, seagram and backer spielvogel client hyundai and j.p. morgan.at backer spielvogel, he will work with client and potenti client on market strategies; asid from agenc compens issues, he help nissan, for example, come up with it posit and price for it new infin line. 
 in detroit, a chrysler corp. offici said the compani current has no rear-seat lap and shoulder belt in it light trucks, but plan to begin phase them in by the end of the 1990 model year.h said chrysler fulli expect to have them instal across it light-truck line by the sept. 1, 1991, deadline. 
 the addit technology, personnel train and promot effort can be expensive.chem bank spent more than $50 million to introduc it chemplus line, sever packag aim at differ segments, in 1986, accord to thoma jacob, senior vice presid of marketing. 
 reed intern plc said that net incom for the six month end oct. 1 slip 5% to #89.7 million ($141.9 million), or 16 penc a share, from #94.8 million ($149.9 million), or 17.3 penc a share.th british paper, packag and publish concern, said profit from continu line fell 10% to #118 million from #130.6 million. 
 dell comput corp. said it cut price on sever of it person comput line by 5% to 17%. 
 "it quit a bombshell," said one, ad that the offer could spark a period of industri consolidation.th two compani would appear to be a logic fit becaus of their complementari lines, and analyst describ the offer, repres a 36% premium over nekoosa market price, as fair. 
 in new york stock exchang composit trade friday, aetna close at $60, down 50 cents.in the latest quarter, aetna had a $23 million loss on it auto/homeown line, compar with earn of $33 million last year. 
 ultim expect the 3 1/2-year agreement to generat $100 million in sales, but it wouldn't estim profit.und term of the pact, ultimate, a computer-system concern, will market the full line of hp 9000 seri 800 multipleus minicomputers. 
 milton roy recent fend off unsolicit overtur from thermo electron corp., a waltham, mass., maker of biomed products.milton roy disclos in may that it was approach for a possibl acquisit by thermo electron, which agre to purchas milton roy liquid-chromatographi line for $22 million in february. 
 then procter & gambl co. agre to buy noxel corp. for $1.3 billion.that acquisition, to be complet by year end, will includ the cover girl and clarion makeup lines, make p&g the top market of cosmet in mass-market outlets. 
 as the trend continues, demand for mass-market item that are high qualiti but onli mid-pric -- particular skin-car product -- is expect to increase.thi fall, for example, l'oreal group, ordinarili a high-end line, roll out a drug-stor line of skin-car product call plenitude, which retail for $5 to $15. 
 accessori not onli sell faster than whole bikes, they also offer profit margin near doubl the 25% to 30% or so on sale of complet cycles.to get a piec of the business, nike inc., beaverton, ore., introduc a line of mountain-bik shoes. 
 general motor corp. chevrolet divis said it is offer $750 cash incent on all 1990 model of it full-siz blazer and suburban truck lines. 
 margeotes, whose client includ godiva and maccabe beer, has had a string of new busi wins.it recent pick up the ad account for haagen-dazs, newsday and for a number of jewelri line from crystal brands. 
 sale rose 8% to $785.1 million from $725.6 million.avon said sale in the direct-sel divis drop 2% as sale of new products, especi gift and jewelri lines, were below expectations. 
 "it the fourth quarter and what might linger beyond that."last month, avon execut indic that the compani would experi a $75 million to $90 million revenu shortag due to weak in it gift and decor lines. 
 kellogg current share is believ to be slight under 40% while general mill share is about 27%.led by it oat-bas cheerio line, general mill has gain an estim 2% share so far this year, most at the expens of kellogg. 
 kellogg is so anxious to turn around corn flake sale that it soon will begin sell box for as littl as 99 cents, trade sourc say."cheerio and honey nut cheerio have eaten away sale normal go to kellogg corn-bas line simpli becaus they are made of oats," say merril lynch food analyst william maguire. 
 bausch & lomb inc. said it plan to introduc next year a new line of sunglass contain melanin, the pigment that protect against damag from ultraviolet rays. 
 cray research inc. forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for it supercomput line. 
 adolph coor co. said it coor brew co. unit will test market a new line of bottl water in the west begin earli next year. 
 honda say the five-cylind engin provid a compromis between the fuel-economi of a four-cylinder, and the power of a v-6.it is rumor to be bound for a new model in the luxuri acura line in the u.s., but honda offici wouldn't comment. 
 but those dollar at risk pale in comparison to the invest requir to make and ship spring good to campeau stores."th few million dollar i could lose today is noth against what i could lose on the spring line," say mr. levy, who estim that campeau store will sell $25 million worth of his cloth this year. 
 the hottest rivalri in the comput industri intensifi sharpli yesterday as digit equip corp. announc it first line of mainfram computers, target intern busi machin corp. largest market. 
 the hottest rivalri in the comput industri intensifi sharpli yesterday as digit equip corp. announc it first line of mainfram computers, target intern busi machin corp. largest market.ibm fire back with new mainfram of it own, extend the long-domin 3090 line with a 7% to 14% power boost. 
 in addit to commerci markets, digit new line target the low end of the engin and scientif supercomput market, when it packag with an option supercharger, known as a vector processor.digit push into mainfram come at a time when it mainstay minicomput line is under grow pressur from smaller person comput and workstat that oper on standard oper system rather than on the proprietari system that older minicomput use. 
 "we have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without" the system that were announc yesterday.but the 3090 line is near five year old -- which is get up there in mainfram year -- and it growth is expect to slow in 1990. 
 barri bryant, an analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc., said tandi also has suffer from letharg sale of it comput aim at the home and small-offic market, which are less-advanc and cheaper than comput aim at the corpor market.tandi has ad sever new product to that line, includ a laptop comput price around $1,000, and is focus it advertis on the easy-to-us softwar that is packag with it machines. 
 he say it import for a new make to be as distinct as possibl while still retain link to the parent compani qualiti image.h applaud toyota and nissan motor co. for creat separ divis for their new luxuri models, rather than simpli ad more namepl to their standard car lines. 
 as a senior vice president, he has head the compani design lingeri division, oscar de la renta, sinc it incept in 1988.to maintain exclus of that design line, it isn't label with the maidenform name. 
 gm interest in jaguar reflect a desir to help diversifi the u.s. compani product in the grow luxury-car segment of the market.it opel line has a solid imag and a recent string of high success new models, but it lack jaguar cachet. 
 winnebago was hit especi hard in the latest downturn becaus unit sale in it bread-and-butt motor home busi tumbl 25% industrywid in august, and 10.4% in the first eight month of the year.th compani said it also suffer in the quarter from incent programs, loss from discontinu a motor home line and cost of develop a new commerci vehicle, among other things. 
 mca inc. said it toy-mak unit agre to buy buddi l corp., produc of a line of toy vehicl and preschool products. 
 design sandra garratt file for chapter 7 bankruptci code protection, say that her cash flow had been cut off.th designer, whose line of modular, one-size-fits-al cloth has spawn a host of clones, has been in a disput with her latest licensee, jerel inc. for sever months. 
 the design attorney, molli bartholow, said that ms. garratt was forc to start bankruptcy-law proceed becaus jerel began withhold her royalti payment last month.jerel paid ms. garratt royalti for the line known as multipl by sandra garratt, which are sold primarili through depart stores.ms. garratt su the dalla apparel maker earlier this year, charg that jerel develop and market cloth line fashion after her designs, in violat of their contract. 
 when fulli operational, the guadalajara factori will employ about 1,500 worker and have annual oper expens of $5 million to $6 million.an at&t repres said that the guadalajara factori will make a full line of answer machines. 
 kurzweil, waltham, mass., make digit electron keyboard instrument use by profession record musicians.it recent introduc a line for the home market. 
 he said the toy compani "prospect for a strong fourth quarter" are also good.mattel attribut the jump in quarter net to strong world-wid sale of it barbi doll, hot wheel cars, disney toy and other well-known toy lines. 
 "they'v got a lot of differ ball in the air at the same time," observ jim poyner, a comput secur analyst with dallas-bas william k. woodruff & co. mr. dell, meanwhile, conced the compani was "definit too optimistic" in it expectations.product delays, however, have left dell buffet by harsher competit in it bread-and-butt line of desktop computers, as powerhous competitor compaq comput corp. and intern busi machin corp. price their pcs more aggressively. 
 sluggish sale of the beretta and corsica spur gm to offer $800 rebat on those cars.th corsica and beretta make up the highest-volum car line at chevrolet, but sale of the car are off 9.6% for the year, and fell a steep 34.2% earli this month. 
 he blame imports.but just down seventh avenue, where about 75% of u.s. fur garment are made, larri rosen has acquir two retail outlets, broaden his fur-mak line and expand into leather. 
 inspir by imports, mr. rosen now make fur muffs, hat and flings.thi year he produc a men line and offer dy fur in red, cherri red, violet, royal blue and forest green. 
 "it the miss link" in olivetti product line between small person comput and higher-pr minicomputers, the olivetti spokesman said.h ad that olivetti will continu make it lsx minicomput line. 
 a spokesman also said margin for the compani servic busi narrow somewhat becaus of heavi invest made in that sector.th lack of a strong product at the high end of digit line was a signific drag on sales. 
 he ad gross margin and oper profit "erod quit dramatically" from the prior quarter, along with sale of exist softwar product line like multim and framework."th success of a new product in the databas line is needed. 
 general motor corp. chevrolet division, react to slow sales, said it will offer $800 rebat on it 1990 beretta, the two-door version of it core compact-car line. 
 sluggish sale of the beretta, and it four-door sister car, the corsica, prompt gm to idl the two plant that build the automobil for a total of three week this month.th corsica and beretta make up the highest-volum car line at chevrolet, but sale of the vehicl are off 9.6% for the year, and fell a steep 34% dure earli october. 
 new customers, the sourc of higher commiss for salespeopl and the key to wang long-term viability, are even tougher.rick lynch, a former top salesman in wang boston office, refer to wang mainstay comput line, says: "you can't sell a vs to a new customer." 
 renault and daf truck nv announc a preliminari agreement to joint manufactur a line of truck in britain and france. 
 digit equip corp. is plan a big coming-out parti on tuesday for it first line of mainfram computers. 
 the heighten competit will hit ibm at a difficult time.th comput giant current mainfram line, which has sold well and has huge profit margins, is start to show it age. 
 amdahl corp., back by japan fujitsu ltd., has a grow share of the market with it low-priced, ibm-compat machines.and nation advanc systems, a joint ventur of japan hitachi ltd. and general motor corp. electron data systems, is expect to unveil a line of power ibm-compat mainfram later this year. 
 aim at commerci photographers, the film can be use in veri low light without sacrif quality, say donald franz of photofinish newsletter.also tri to snare a portion of the $2 billion-a-year industri is agfa corp., a unit of bayer ag. agfa recent sign olymp gold medalist florenc griffith-joyn to endors a new line of black-and-whit paper that gear to consum and will compet direct with kodak papers. 
 automat call processor will provid that system for virtual ani telephone, mr. pierc said, not just phone produc by elcotel.th compani will also be produc a new line of conveni telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies, offic lobbies, hospit loung and similar settings. 
 maxtor said it result were boost by $2 million in payment receiv from a supplier, for a certain line of product that maxtor isn't go to sell anymore.maxtor said effect from discontinu the line may have a posit effect on futur earn and revenue. 
  new account: procter & gambl co., cincinnati, award the ad account for it line of profession crisco veget shorten and oil product to northlich, stolley, lawarre, cincinnati. 
 soni corp. won a pretrial order block u.s. sale of justin product inc. "mi own" line of portabl audio player for children. 
 soni corp. won a pretrial order block u.s. sale of justin product inc. "mi own" line of portabl audio player for children.judg john e. sprizzo issu the order in manhattan feder court, where soni has accus the tini compani of illeg knock off the "mi first sony" line. 
 the disk drive will doubtless sell well when they final becom available.but the as/400, ibm high success minicomput line, is lose it momentum, and some analyst said sale could even declin in the fourth quarter. 
 the latest evid of that is the decis to idl the fairfax, kan., plant that make the grand prix less than three week into the new model year.th grand prix is one of gm newest line of cars, the so-cal gm-10 midsiz cars. 
 in the year-earli period, hasbro earn $18.1 million, or 31 cent a share, on $368.4 million in revenue.th pawtucket, r.i., manufactur is count on record breakers, a new line of high-perform model race car now be rush to market. 
 mattel inc., base in hawthorne, calif., is expect to report more bullish number than it did a year ago.help by boom sale in it barbi doll line, hot wheel race car and disney toy for preschoolers, mattel per-shar earn should jump by better than 50% to about 70 cents, estim mr. mcgowan. 
 at pittsburgh asp inc., which introduc it first anti-virus softwar in 1985, "we ship out 80 copi (at $35 each) last week," say founder fred cohen, who present the first comput virus to the research communiti in 1983.after ad certus, a $189 anti-virus comput program, to it line of system manag softwar in earli 1988, foundat ware inc., cleveland, has quadrupl sale everi quarter, say founder peter tippett. 
 other undoubt will follow, but most analyst believ compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition.toshiba line of portables, for example, featur the t-1000, which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory, and the t-1600, which also use a 286 microprocessor, but which weigh almost twice as much and is three time the size. 
 repli a justin salesman: "exactly."th justin merchandis carri wholesal price some 40% below those of soni corp. of japan "mi first sony" line. 
 now sony, whose innovative, premium-pr product are among the most admir in consum electronics, is bitter complain about a littl u.s. firm with a cheap look-alik produc in china."th gist of this is that justin knock off the soni line and soni want to stop it," say lewi h. eslinger, soni attorney, who previous guard rubik cube. (soni itself declin to comment.) if soni wins, mr. esling says, it littl rival will have to tri to sell the product overseas. 
 mr. kay deni the suit charg and say his onli mistak was take on soni in the marketplace."i made a similar line and i produc it cheaper," he says. 
 the compani has grown -- to about 40 employees, from four initially, mr. kay says.justin has been profit sinc 1986, add the official, who share his offic with numer teddi bears, all sampl from his line of plush toys. 
 justin has been profit sinc 1986, add the official, who share his offic with numer teddi bears, all sampl from his line of plush toys.lik mani others, mr. kay took notic in 1987 when sony, in a classic exampl of market segmentation, chang the plastic skin and button on the famous walkman line of portabl audio equip and creat the my first soni line for children.th bright color new product look more like toy than the adult models. (in court papers, soni say it has spent more than $3 million to promot the line, with result sale of over a million units.) 
 but intel later succumb to the stock market plunge, close at $31.75, down $2.125.in august, intel warn that third-quart earn might be "flat to down" from the previous period becaus of slow sale growth of it 80386 microprocessor, start-up cost associ with a line of comput and cost of prepar for mass shipment of the compani new 80486 chip in the current quarter. 
 intern paper co. third-quart net incom rose 6.5%, reflect "solid performances" by pulp and paper busi and contribut from specialti line and acquisitions. 
 bull hn, 69%-own by group bull, the big french comput maker, said the new product line includ the dpx/2, base on the industri standard unix oper system, and the dps 6000, base on a proprietari design.th 6000 signific extend bull exist dps line, which has sold 60,000 unit world-wide. 
 he fill one of two vacanc creat last year when two of the compani co-founders, thoma ong, execut vice president, finance, and mason tarkeshian, execut vice president, operations, resigned.cm make and distribut a broad line of enhanc product for person computers. 
 xylog inc., burlington, mass., said it reach an agreement under which unisi corp. will buy as much as $50 million of it comput system over the next five years.xylog said unisi will be buy it new annex ii termin servers, a line it acquir from encor comput corp. last december. 
 the fiberworld product are base on a new set of intern standard for fiber-opt telecommun equip put in place last year.northern telecom is the first compani to launch a complet line of switch and transmiss product base on the new standards, known as synchron optic networking, or sonet. 
 northern telecom say it product will roll out over 18 month begin earli next year and will begin contribut to revenu and earn by earli 1991.burt wolder, a spokesman for american telephon & telegraph co., said his compani is "develop a full line of sonet product and expect to announc them very, veri soon." 
 renault lack an up-market label and an intern presence.volvo lack a full line of auto product and a signific presenc in the ec. 
 with the industri on the brink of sweep change, volvo may be feel vulner and readi to seek a partner to share product-develop cost and make it more of an an ec insider."a volvo-renault combin would creat a full line of auto product under one umbrella with total product of about two million unit a year, or about 20% of the european market, analyst say. 
 nevertheless, wcrs might consid bddp as a backup if it talk with eurocom fall through, some industri execut suggested.wcr initi announc last month that it was in talk to sell a portion of it ad business; it hope to larg remov itself from the agenc busi in order to concentr on it more profit line, media-buying. 
 general housewar corp. agre to sell most of it leys cookwar line and a relat manufactur plant in wisconsin to vollrath co., sheboygan, wis. 
 and japan big dai-ichi kangyo bank recent agre to invest as much as $100 million into a clayton & dubili buy-out fund.martin h. dubilier, chairman and chief execut officer, said he valu the new subsidiari and it big a line of auto part becaus of it wide distribut network. 
 now, encourag by some recent growth, the toiletri compani are polish their market strategies, and the busi is begin to show sign of life.even gillett co., which has tradit concentr on mainstream products, say it plan a "more upscale" line of men toiletries, probabl for sale through it tradit outlets, such as drugstores. 
 it a lesson that hasn't escap gruen well-heel competition.aramis, which roll out it lab seri line of unscent men groom product three year ago, focus on skin problem caus by shaving, such as razor burn. 
 but mention the word wrinkl and they'r like to flee.to eas custom embarrassment, compani are begin to establish separ locat for their men lines. 
 in it five-year effort, hershey has learn that transform a tradit dish like pasta isn't easy.th compani experi in develop it perfect line illustr the difficulti inher in creat a new food item. 
 last year, chrysler put about 60% of that budget into tv, and about 40% in magazin and newspapers.major auto makers, both domest and foreign, have usual support their automobil line with massiv advertis budget place larg in television.th shift by chrysler repres the largest proport of an ad budget dedic to print by a car line of a major u.s. auto manufactur in at least two decades, accord to jim guthrie, execut vice presid of market develop for the magazin publish of america, an industri group. 
 auto maker are the largest categori of advertis in magazines, spend $800 million in 1988, an increas of 17% from 1987.the shift in spend is part of a stepped-up campaign by chrysler to promot it high-end chrysler brand, which includ the imperial, new yorker, salon, lebaron, and town & countri lines. 
 nissan execut will unveil their spend plan for the 1990 model year at a car dealer show later this month.however, it clear nissan is use magazin heavily, as well as tv, to introduc it new infin line of luxuri cars. 
 other auto maker have show a decid prefer for tv.for example, mr. vitulli said chrysler corp. lower-pr plymouth auto line will spend 10% of it media budget on print and 90% on broadcast tv and cable. 
 "we are look to target nich -- young women, older peopl and others," he said."we'l use core public for the entir brand, along with magazin meant for specif lines." 
 now the battl is head in the opposit direction.bayerisch motoren werk ag yesterday said it freez or cut price on it entir u.s. 1990 model line. 
 it also froze the price of the 190e 2.6 with automat transmiss at $32,500, despit ad electr adjust front seats, which were a $950 option on the 1989 model.pric on the remaind of mercedes-benz u.s. line now will rang from $39,950 for the 300e 2.6 with automat transmiss to $83,500 for the 500sl two-seat convertible, which is new this year. 
 but previously, it had emphas that it wouldn't need to sell them.mr. boksen say he expect to see more asset sales-of hbj insur unit and perhap of some of it publish line -- even if publish rebounds. 
 still, unisi has dug itself a deep hole and will have to work hard mere to regain it posit of a year ago.despit pent-up demand for a new line of mainframes, it has general been lose ground in the mainfram and minicomput markets. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it is offer a holiday promot involv person comput at the low end and in the middl of it ps/2 line. 
 but while businessmen general welcom this year unexpect econom surge, they recogn that the underground economi is a double-edg sword.execut of the food unit of giant grupo alfa are elat about this year 100% sale increas in the compani most inexpens line of cold meats, whose biggest buyer are underground mom-and-pop stores. 
 term of the agreement weren't disclosed.th license are modern shirt intern and modern shirt industri ltd. and kangaroo u.s.a. inc. jeep offici said the shirt compani will produc and distribut a line of jeep sportswear to be retail through depart stores, while kangaroo will produc and distribut jeep athlet and casual shoe that will be sold through independ shoe stores. 
 although ibm is expect to introduc slight faster version of it mainfram this year, the machin will be five year old next year -- long in the tooth by mainfram standard -- and competitor are expect to bring out new products.ibm as/400 line, which has done spectacular well in the first 15 month of it life, is see growth slow. 
 the ibm spokesman confirm that ibm had made the retir offer to mani of the 23,000 employe at four manufactur sites.they are in manassas, va., and owego, n.y., where ibm make special equip for defens contracts; in endicott, n.y., where it make the 9370 minicomput line; and in lexington, ky., where it produc typewrit and printers. 
 and that should be much less of a problem next year when the comparison becom easier.but ibm also cite a delay in the introduct of a new line of high-end disk drives, the latest in a seri of manufactur and develop glitch this year that analyst have said could be link to the loss of skill employe in these early-retir programs. 
 the car isn't all-american, however: mazda, of which ford own 25%, did much of the engin on the vehicle.th most wide public luxuri car of the new model year are clear nissan infin line, which goe on sale nov. 8, and toyota lexus cars, which have been avail sinc august. 
  four-wheel drive mercedes-benz add four-wheel-dr car to it u.s. line for the first time with the 300e 4matic sedan and 300te 4matic station wagon. 
 the layoff come as cray phase out product of it labor-intens x-mp line-hand-wir machin -- in favor of a model that, becaus of factori automation, higher-dens chip and other advances, can be made in one-third the time.moreover, where a central process unit in the old model had 30,000 parts, those in the new y-mp line have 310. 
 a sear spokesman declin to comment.vermont is a major supplier of part for sear line of tools. 
 dan benton, an analyst at goldman, sach & co., said he expect to cut his estim to $9 a share for the year, well below the ibm range.th wild card in all this is the disk-driv line, whose problem could be clear up soon or could persist for months. 
 ibm, which get some $6 billion of it $60 billion of revenu from such drives, is expect to decid soon on how to proceed.ibm need to get the drive out soon becaus competitor have caught up with ibm current line, and ibm must onc again leapfrog them if it is to escap the price war that has developed. 
 europa eyewear corp. sell 22-karat gold frame for around $250, "good for clinch that wall street deal."custom want "differ glass for boat than for skiing," say a market for allegra inc. ziari line of sunglasses. 
 in addition, the compani said it sale and servic personnel will target new market for the system.debug the softwar for the two-year old i/a seri was "far more complex than . . . with our earlier lines," but "is now in place and functioning." 
 but he said he interced with japanes ministri and won "a liber interpret of the rules."mr. butler said he agre to the purchas becaus it would give avx access to a broad line of part that it could sell in europe, where avx current generat 25% of it $408 million of annual sales.mr. butler also cite kyocera technology; while avx and kyocera both make capacitors, kyocera also make a broad line of electronics, includ printer heads, liquid crystal display and person computers. 
 the quarter earn were better than the $1.15 a share that mr. berko had projected, and the analyst said he is now like to increas his full-year earn estim of $3.20 a share.in addit to sever posit devlop at the compani in recent weeks, includ an agreement with singer michael jackson to design and market a line of fashion sneaker and other apparel, analyst have attribut at least a part of the recent stock increas to arbitrag cover their short positions. 
 mr. urbanski believ michelin will use it own name as well as the goodrich t/a brand, popular among sporti car enthusiasts, to tri to increas market share at chrysler.th goodrich t/a line is alreadi origin equip on some chrysler jeep products. 
 the fund close at 16 1/4 on 1.2 million shares.intern busi machines, which introduc three new comput model for small busi and a number of enhanc to it personal-comput line, ad 1 1/4 to 117 1/2. 
 toyota motor corp., in an aggress bid to boost u.s. market share, is rais 1990 base price on it most popular car line by 2.5% or less from 1989 levels. 
 execut here also said that at&t is consid manufactur it own facsimil machin and could someday make it own person computers.at&t recent agre to have a new line of person comput made by intel corp. 
 earlier this spring, the compani launch cholesterol-fre mayonnais and miracl whip.last week, it introduc sealtest free, which it bill as the first nation brand of "nonfat" ice cream and began test a line of fat-fre salad dressings. 
 ---toyota is rais price on it most popular car line for 1990 by 2.5% or less in an aggress attempt to increas it u.s. market share. --- 
 general motor corp. pontiac divis said it plan to boost it total vehicl sale by about 6% in the 1990 model year, main becaus of sale of a new plastic-bodi minivan.but pontiac offici also conced that they expect sale of their primari midsiz car line, the pontiac grand prix, won't be enough to assur that the gm plant exclus dedic to the model will work at full capac in the 1990 model year. 
 but pontiac offici also conced that they expect sale of their primari midsiz car line, the pontiac grand prix, won't be enough to assur that the gm plant exclus dedic to the model will work at full capac in the 1990 model year.pontiac modest expect for the grand prix, one of four line gm design as part of it $5 billion gm-10 midsiz car program, is anoth sign that despit the recent announc that the compani will indefinit idl a plant in lakewood, ga., gm has a long way to go to solv it cost overcapac problem. 
 sale of the two-year-old grand prix coupe, however, will fall to 105,000 vehicl in 1990 from about 118,000 car in the 1989 model year that end sept. 30, pontiac offici predicted.but the modern fairfax, kan., plant that build the grand prix line is capabl of produc more than 250,000 car a year. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it has ask computer-accessori maker to produc adaptor card for it ps/2 line of comput that will enabl them to transfer data two to four time faster than they current do. 
 intern busi machin corp. said it has ask computer-accessori maker to produc adaptor card for it ps/2 line of comput that will enabl them to transfer data two to four time faster than they current do.ibm said the card will unlock capabl alreadi built into it ps/2 line, which featur the so-cal micro channel data pathway. 
 it was the agenc first u.s. client.it cover girl line, which linta suggest and help develop, is now the largest-sel cosmet line in the country. 
 if procter must choos anoth agenc for noxel -- either becaus it pull the account or unilev pressur linta into resign the account -- it will find it choic extrem limited, as most major agenc not work for procter are work for it competitors.noxel use a second major agency, chicago-bas leo burnett, for it clarion line; burnett is alreadi a procter agenc and could be consid for futur assignments. 
 noxel use a second major agency, chicago-bas leo burnett, for it clarion line; burnett is alreadi a procter agenc and could be consid for futur assignments.meanwhile, industri execut alreadi have begun specul that linta might take on anoth cosmet line, such as maybelline, a unit of schering-plough. 
 last fall, the cosmet maker launch a market initi dub "the nines," design to boost it visibl in toni depart stores.ov the years, revlon had acquir prestig cosmet line such as charl of the ritz and princess marcella borghese, but had no comprehens market strategi for them.und the nine program, the compani gather all nine of it upscal cosmet line -- encompass some 3,000 item -- at a singl cosmet counter with a special nine banner. 
 competitor say revlon sale staff was unabl to master the vast array of product they were expect to push.and the attempt to sell custom more than one cosmet line per visit undermin effort to build brand loyalty."consum buy differ piec from differ lines," said a market execut at one competitor. 
 ad to revlon difficulties, the compani claim that 200 retail nationwid grew impati with the pace of the rollout and implement their own version of the nines.thes independent-mind retail lump togeth all of revlon lines, without wait for market support from headquart or proper train for their sale help. 
 sale rose 27% to $199 million from $157.2 million.th compani said it salon select line was one of the fastest grow brand in the industri in the quarter. 
 n.v. philip and it partner have grant a japanes firm exclus right to promot and market equip for supplier of a new line of prerecord audio/visu compact-disk product in asia. 
 joseph kozloff, an analyst with drexel burnham lambert, lower his estim to $8.30 a share from $8.50, but left 1991 at $9.75.along with noxema and cover girl, noxel give p&g the line of clarion cosmetics, lestoil cleaner and wick fowler two alarm chili, a season for chili. 
 union carbid corp. said it is expand it line of substitut for chlorofluorocarbon use in make foam cushioning. 
 but this is it first ventur into the $1.5 billion mass market cosmet business.noxel cover girl and clarion line have a combin 25.4% share, follow by maybelline, with 17.7% and revlon, with 13.9%. 
 yesterday, ibm stock rose 12.5 cent to close at $116.125 a share, while baxter intern common close unchang at $22.25, both in new york stock exchang composit trading.separately, ibm announc that it had author the open of 41 new dealership that will sell it ps/2 person comput line, mark the end of a moratorium it declar four year ago. 
 -- set up a fur-product factori as earli as next year.-- diversifi into other line of soviet business, includ trade in textiles, syring and condoms. 
 heredity, junk food and a couch-potato environ have combin to produc a generat of overweight youth.but at last partner think the number still aren't larg enough to persuad tradit apparel firm to creat a line of overs cloth stock in depart store and specialti outlets. 
 buoy by a $16,000 invest from ms. runyon husband, they measur dozen of overweight children, inquir about like and dislikes, and produc their own size scheme, which rang from 23-inch to 50-inch waist and weight from 55 pound to 300 pounds.th entrepreneur becam convinc they were on the right track at an august 1986 display in a church basement: 70 parent of overweight children show up to view at last line, which consist of some fabric swatch stuck on a bulletin board and a hand of trouser samples. 
 "it someth you should in good conscienc do," he added.gm alreadi has made front-seat headrest or high-back seat standard equip on eight of it 12 truck lines. 
 the greet card compani attribut it improv perform to last year cost-sav measures, includ the sale or close of sever subsidiaries.th compani also said it "couples" card line, introduc in july, had brisk sales. 
 at the office-furnitur factory, an autom assembl line dunk deskleg into an electropl bath.at the fashion warehouse, a manag check design for the kibbutz-mad line of women apparel. 
 the 1990 accord lx will start at $14,895, up 5% from the year-earli price of $14,180.at the top of the accord line, honda essenti consolid two model into one. 
 in 1985, p&g post it first annual earn declin sinc 1952 -- a 29% drop to $635 million.mainstay lines, such as toothpast and diapers, were get hammer by the competition: crest market share alon fell to 30.5% in 1985 from 40% in 1977; pamper share drop around 40 point to 33% over rough the same time. 
 yet, in the interven years, p&g has bold chang how and where it doe business.determin to take advantag of grow market overseas, the compani turn around it earli debacl in japan, where it diaper and deterg line in particular were faltering. 
 p&g su the cooki maker for patent infring and recent won a $125 million settlement from nabisco, keebler and frito-lay.but while copycat competitor certain hurt, mr. tucker, the former p&g manager, also say the compani was too slow develop a full line of cookies, with a varieti of flavors. 
 "if the disappoint is deep enough anoth hostil offer may be . . . forthcoming."mr. preston, respond to this criticism, said through a spokesman, "there was no way in may to forecast that the gift and jewelri line would underperform in the fourth quarter. 
 that particular startl when one consid that most cook were will to devot 30 minut to meal prepar a scant 10 year ago and about an hour in the earli 70s.accordingly, campbel soup is test a microwav soup line for all the peopl who find it too tax to open a can and pour the content into a pot. 
 the japanes threat to the european is onli get worse.last month toyota motor corp. launch it luxuri lexus line in the u.s., and in novemb nissan motor co. is unveil it infin models. 
 the worst gas guzzler in the epa annual rate isn't for sale in the u.s. -- chrysler italian import two-seat italian-mad lamborghini countach.a 1990 model of the $155,000 sport car was test by the epa and got 6 mpg in citi drive and 10 mpg on the highway, but the manufactur say a replac line will be introduc in the u.s. this year. 
 the hawthorne, calif., toy maker sale for the quarter end juli 1 were $272.3 million, up 31% from last year $207.1 million.john w. amerman, chairman and chief execut officer, said retail and consum demand has remain "veri strong" for it core brand as well as a line of licens disney infant and preschool toys. 
 ---boe profit jump 20% in the quarter, but the aircraft maker said it still face major challeng and risk in commerci and militari lines. 
 despit the stock market negat expectations, it appear that differ segment of the personal-comput industri are experienc sharpli differ growth trends.generally, demand is strong for high-perform hardware, such as appl macintosh, compaq 386 machin and intern busi machin corp. ps/2 line of computers. 
 the unit, base in fort washington, pa., has three manufactur plant and about 1,100 employees.ralston, base in st. louis, said beechnut fit into it array of other food lines, includ such cereal for children as cooki crisp. 
 pepsico wine & spirit intern said it plan to introduc priviet, a premium vodka from russia, in the u.s. in october.priviet, whose ad pitch will be "serious vodka you don't have to take too seriously," will be price around $10 a bottle, compar with the $13 general charg for pepsico stolichnaya line of russian vodkas. 
 the compani announc that r.k. patel, one of par founders, took a voluntari leav of absenc as senior vice presid and director, and that jeffrey m. levine, execut vice president, and barri s. geller, vice president, regulatori affairs, took voluntari leav of absenc from the board.par, which had fiscal 1988 sale of $99.6 million from a line of sever hundr products, said it didn't believ there were ani advers health or safeti implic involved. 
 pier 1 import inc., fort worth, texas, said net incom was flat at $7.3 million in it second quarter end aug. 26.the specialti retail said in juli that it expect the result to be flat becaus of discount in some lines, particular cotton apparel. 
 chrysler was the loser among the big three with auto sale down 18.5% to 24,419.a bright spot for the no. 3 auto maker was it truck sale -- includ the top-sel minivan and the jeep line, which rose 4.1% to 30,377. 
 ford motor co. is bet that the tradition-mind buyer of it heftiest car will accept the "aero" style that now character most of the compani model line. 
 ford is build a stamp plant at wayn and ad a second shift of worker at hermosillo.th mexican plant current build onli the tracer and will continu to build the mercuri subcompact after it get the escort line. 
 who bad?l.a. gear inc. said it has sign singer michael jackson to design and market world-wid a line of michael jackson fashion sneakers. 
 but a new comput design scrambl that strategy, and digit has fumbl for month in tri to project a coher new theme, even as it brought out a blizzard of new products.in just a year, the compani rebuilt it entir vax minicomput line. 
 but the mess in sale isn't the onli problem that slow revenu growth into singl digit in the latest quarter.in a cost gamble, digit decid last year to cancel a major comput design, leav big custom without a replac at the high end of it line. 
 like mani competitors, digit was caught off guard by the clamor for standard software.although it vax line has been enorm popular, fuel digit explos growth sinc 1985, more and more custom don't want to get hook on comput base on proprietari software. 
 and most standard softwar isn't yet suit for hard-cor commerci computing, such as on-lin transact processing.typ transaction-process tasks, in which hundr of termin interact with a database, includ airlin reservations, on-lin retail-sal track and bank teller networks, and such oper are a prime target for the vax line, especi the 9000. 
 it new line, price substanti below the vax, run on unix oper softwar with chip from mip comput system inc.at first, digit couldn't come up with a clear market theme for the two lines. 
 ibm competitor are expect to benefit from a delay of even a few months."digit is go to have more than 200 softwar packag run on it workstat by the time ibm is shipping," said marc g. schulman, an analyst with ub secur inc. abund softwar packag are critic to the success of a comput line. 
 the focus of most of the attent today is in the market for machin base on the unix softwar oper system.mr. schulman call digit decstat line "the absolut leader in price performance" in that market. 
 ford declin to specifi how much it will spend in the five years.but kenneth f. smith, ford heavy-truck oper manager, said the compani will "have modern or replac everi product in the ford heavy-truck line." 
 but kenneth f. smith, ford heavy-truck oper manager, said the compani will "have modern or replac everi product in the ford heavy-truck line."ford said it will move some product of it cargo line of medium and heavy-duti truck from brazil to ford kentucki truck plant in louisville, ky. 
 a ford spokesman said it isn't clear whether the addit of the cargo truck will requir an expans of the kentucki truck plant.ford offici said product of the cargo line is expect to begin in the fourth quarter of 1990. 
 "now it ford turn to step forward with new product to keep pace."ford mr. smith said the compani is work on a new gas engin with electron port fuel injection, an expand line of diesel engin with electron controls, and new class 8 heavy-duti truck tractors, among other projects. 
 the cell-biolog product are solut use to grow cells.hana has said that it was sell the line becaus further develop of them would have pull the compani away from it strateg focus -- cell-transpl research and develop programs. 
 as part of it direct sale restructuring, on-lin will halt direct sale of it case-pac product, which repres about 1% to 2% of sales.th compani said it also refocus it rami information-product line to includ a joint direct marketing/telemarket effort.th rami line repres about 15% of total sales. 
 in an interview, david f. parkinson, chief financi officer, said phoenix will book a restructur charg for the current quarter.h said the compani has tighten it revenue-recognit polici and will drop it effort to provid basic softwar to manufactur of comput that are base on the sparc microprocessor line from sun microsystem inc. 
 ---nissan motor is cut price on a key compact car line in a bid to boost it u.s. market share at the expens of the big three and other rivals. 
 steyr will hold 20% in the new subsidiary, while man will have manag control.th announc of the transact came after daf n.v., an anglo/dutch auto maker, said it drop it offer to take over steyr truck line after man made a higher counteroffer. 
 wang laboratori inc. unveil a new midrang minicomput line, the vs 8000 series, to replac it vs 7000 line. 
 the recal drug includ sever form of darvon, methadone, two anti-infect and an anti-inflammatori agent.lilli spokesman said the drug were most "older line products" sold either under the lilli or dista labels. 
 in composit trade yesterday on the new york stock exchange, lilli share fell 75 cent to close at $59.625.the investig by the food and drug administr did not includ lilli largest drug line such as it oral antibiotic, ceclor, or prozac, it anti-depress drug. 
 "it what everyon is tri to do."th chip also give the santa clara, calif., compani a broader line of high-end chips. 
 the dairi operations, base in johnson city, tenn., produc milk, ice cream and cottag chees in the carolinas, florida, georgia, tennessee, virginia and part of west virginia.th compani isn't discontinu ani dairi lines, mr. melsheim said. 
 the propos dividend may help save kohlberg kravi from possibl investor critic that it overpaid for beatrice.two year ago, some beatric insid boast that by sell off the compani assets, includ it line of wesson cook oil and hunt tomato products, investor would earn a pre-tax profit that could exceed $3 billion. 
 it sale are strongest in scandinavian countri and france, although it has sale offic throughout europe.th micron line primarili is use for gather data in the field. 
 the price of the cheapest 1990 stanza model will be $11,450, or $749 less than that of it less power predecessor.nissan decis is the latest in a seri of move by foreign auto maker to cut price on import car line at a time when the big three u.s. auto maker are aggress rais base price on most of their 1990 models. 
 vitro technolog bent is a legaci of adrian sada sr., an emin practic engin who remain the group chairman.once, at a product present for vitro refriger line, visitor were taken aback when the chairman roll up his sleeves, open a toolbox and repair a faulti unit. 
 one of the new model use intern busi machin corp. micro channel data bus design, mark ncr first use of the technology.separately, ncr unveil a new member of it tower 32 comput line, built around motorola inc. 68030 microprocessor. 
 the partnership, control by money manag martin zweig and former drexel market director eugen glaser, will renam the fund zweig seri trust, zweig cash fund and zweig tax-fre fund.th sale of it fund line stem from drexel decis earlier this year to shed it brokerage-offic operations. 
 honda is expect to unveil a redesign accord later this month, and dealer say they expect the car to be larger and more expens than the current compact model.th civic and crx line -- includ some of honda cheapest car -- account for about 30% of the compani total u.s. car sales. 
 the price of honda least expens model, the civic dx hatchback with a four-spe manual transmission, will rise 3.9% to $6,635 from $6,385, the spokesman said.th most expens holdov model in the civic line, the four-wheel drive wagon with automat transmission, will have a base price of $13,140, up 2.6% from $12,810 in 1989. 
 use text-search software, the product will allow analyst and m&a specialist at banks, brokerages, and compani to quick find and analyz potenti deal by compar them with past deals.th product is the sixth in lotus line of one sourc cd-base inform services. 
 duncan hine "flavor was never as good as it should'v been," say gordon tucker, a former p&g brand manag who help develop the cookies.whil he assert that p&g was hurt by competitor copi the technology, he add that p&g simpli got beat becaus nabisco "move veri fast" and introduc a full line of cookies. 
 "the bottom line here is that the fragranc busi just doesn't fit with avon door-to-door sell business," said andrew shore, an analyst with shearson lehman hutton inc. "assum the fragranc busi is worth what avon paid for it, the compani is better off use the money to reduc debt.mr. shore, as well as sever other analysts, specul that avon decid to investig the possibl sale of it fragranc line follow a privat meet mr. preston had late last month with minneapoli investor irwin jacobs. 
 nissan motor co. and toyota motor corp. are introduc luxuri model in the u.s. this fall for $35,000 to $40,000 each.th price for nissan infin and toyota lexus give the japanes maker an edg over most european luxuri cars, but still general exceed the price of ford lincoln line and general motor cadillac division. 
 nissan motor corp., in a bid to boost market share at the expens of detroit big three auto maker and other rival in a sluggish sale environment, said it is cut price on an import compact car line. 
 in what it describ as a major introduction, nestl s.a. stouffer food corp. is roll out a new line of low-cholesterol, low-fat, and low-sodium entre call right course. 
 stouffer said right cours packag will tell consum the exact amount of cholesterol, fat and sodium in a given entre and also provid the american heart associ recommend for total averag daili intake.earli this year, conagra inc. introduc a similar line call healthi choice. 
 but instead of melt the cooki over an open fire, they go into a microwav oven.most of the other product are simpli line extens of exist best-sel that don't repres much of an innov gamble. 
  new account: nation footbal leagu properties, new york, name grey advertising, new york, agenc of record for it nfl merchandis line call team nfl. bill weren't disclosed. 
 commodor intern ltd. u.s. unit said it sign an agreement for connect point of america inc., a larg chain, to carri it person computers.harri copperman, presid of the unit, said in an interview that the agreement is aim primarili at west chester, pa.-bas commodor amiga line. 
 you have to build an aw big compani to get a reason return."such invest are risk more easili by larg companies, such as intern busi machin corp. and apple, that can subsid research and develop out of profit from older lines. 
 other factor also aid exist companies.although the comput market is much larger than it was 10 year ago, most custom now have settl on comput line to use in obvious applications. 
 the u.s. sale arm of japan mazda motor corp. has set up a task forc to studi the feasibl of establish a second dealer network in the u.s.mazda current sell a line of import and u.s.-mad car and truck through 844 dealer nationwide. 
 ---ibm plan to announc today some model of it as/400 minicomput line and a new releas of it operating-system software, sourc said. 
 cincinnati milacron inc. said it complet the purchas of hayssen manufactur co. line of extrus blow-mold machin and will take over the busi of manufacturing, sell and servic this equipment. 
 intern busi machin corp. introduc two model of it as/400 minicomput line and a new releas of the operating-system software. 
 he make an authorit spokesman.a member of one of the hand of distinguish famili that domin the art, he belong to the kabuki act line of omodaka, which has flourish for six generations. 
 intern busi machin corp. will announc today some model of it as/400 minicomput line and a new releas of it operating-system software, industri execut said. 
 in armonk, n.y., an ibm spokesman said the compani has schedul a press brief for today relat to it midrang product line but declin to elaborate.th industri execut said ibm will announc model in the middl of the as/400 line to get custom to upgrad from the ibm system 36, the less power of the two line that ibm combin into the as/400. 
 mr. cohen said that becaus of the weak he has cut his forecast of as/400 shipment this year to between 55,000 and 60,000 machines, down from his project late last year of 70,000 to 75,000.he added, though, that he doesn't think that pose a problem for ibm this year, becaus it is exceed it expect at the high end of the as/400 line.us of ibm system 38 -- the more power line that was merg into the as/400 -- have bought lot of the high-end machin becaus mani were desper for more comput capac and move their softwar was easy. 
 the electrolux appliances, import from europ and the u.s., will begin appear at sharp outlet in october."it will be a fair complet line of our most upscal products," mr. johansson explained. 
 previously, ford hadn't offer cash rebat on these f-seri trucks.last year, the f-seri truck were the best-sel line of vehicl in the u.s. 
 he said he also hope to develop an area the compani has just begun, home furnish such as wallpaper.sourc say balmain had sale last year of about 100 million french franc ($15 million) in it cloth lines, and, unlik mani fashion concerns, high fashion is one of it biggest revenu earners, after licens income. 
 the stock has risen steadili from the $6.50 price at which it was initi offer last thursday.new imag designs, assembl and market a line of comput imag system and software. 
 ---sharp agre to market in it store in japan a line of applianc made by sweden electrolux. 
 the suit seek to invalid patent held by autri industri inc. for transpar window in the sole of sneakers.canton, mass.-bas reebok said the suit was file in respons to claim by autri that certain reebok products, includ it new visibl er line of athlet footwear, infring on patent held by autry. 
 reebok also said it want to reassur it dealer that it will stand by the visibl products.nik inc., beaverton, ore., also offer a line of see-through shoes, call nike visibl air. 
 the weston unit, which employ about 200 worker at a plant near newark, n.j., has annual sale of about $12 million.ametek, a manufactur of industri products, said weston make a line of display gaug that complement the instrument line ametek alreadi suppli to the same aircraft builders. 
 gm said the decis to delay ad a second product shift at janesvill "reflect a recent downturn in the total medium-duti truck business."th janesvill plant is build a new line of gm medium-duti trucks, to be sold as the gmc topkick and the chevrolet kodiak. 
 after the end of the year, all of gm convent medium-duti truck will be built at the janesvill facility, the compani said.gm said product of it old line of convent medium-duti truck at the pontiac central facil in pontiac, mich., will be cut to one shift from two, begin sept. 16. 
 the two compani also left unansw the question of which comput design will prevail -- alway a touchi issu among proud engineers.mr. poduska told the analyst that the two line will be fulli compat by earli 1991. 
 industri heavyweight that previous ran upscal hotel and inn are move into the budget sector, say joseph doyle, a lodg industri analyst at smith barney harri upham & co.for example, holiday corp. launch it hampton inn line of budget motel in 1984, and marriott corp. start up the fairfield inn line in 1987. 
 for example, stafford blain design ltd. of minneapoli offer $14 white cotton shirt with render of renoir paint "two sister on a terrace" or gaugin "tahitian landscape."at the philadelphia convention, hourlong fashion show ran twice daili to help retail appreci the latest line of imprint cloth and graphic designs. 
 while temporari plant close have becom common dure this year of sluggish car sales, this shutdown is the first for the lorain, ohio, plant in sever years.it also the latest setback for the car line that start off 1989 win motor trend magazin "car of the year" award. 
 then in february, ford resort to divert more than 10,000 of the car to an amus park lot near the lorain factori until engin could find the caus of and elimin a mysteri rattl in some of the cars.to boost sale of the two models, ford was forc on aug. 1 to offer heavi $1,500 rebat on all but the supercharg version of the thunderbird and cougar lines. 
 in 1988, 45% of transamerica gross premium incom came from it specialti insur lines, with 20% from person and 35% from commerci insur business.mr. isom expect that specialti line will provid as much as 55% of premium incom in futur years, with smaller share from the other two areas.in 1983, none of the compani premium incom came from specialti lines. 
 toyota said total vehicl product for the year was 4,006,796 units, repres a 3.9% increas over the year before.ful model chang in the mark ii, chaser, cresta and hilux model were cite for the increas in unit sold, as were new model addit for toyota supra, vista, camry, corolla, sprinter, town ace and other exist lines. 
 deer & co. report a 21% rise in earn for it fiscal third quarter despit an oper loss in it lawn and grounds-car line. 
 deer stock fell 87.5 cents, to close at $60.125 in heavi trade on the new york stock exchange.karen ubelhart, an analyst at shearson lehman hutton inc., said wall street had been expect higher per-shar earn of around $1.40, and term the loss in the lawn and grounds-car line a surprise. 
 retail demand for industri equip remain modest higher than in 1988, deer said, but call it overal sale mix "less favor compar with last year."deer introduc a new line of farm equip last fall and increas price from 3% to 5%, but provid bank analyst jame peirc said that while price is "much improved, it is still not where the industri would like to be." 
 mazda aggress price strategi run counter to some other import brand that are minim their price rise to remain competit in the u.s. market.nissan motor co. alreadi restructur it entry-level sentra car line by elimin some model and make standard equip option on other 1990 versions. 
 "they'r also go to be search for the intang inher in a premium qualiti brand."mazda offici said they are studi the feasibl of ad a luxuri car sale divis in the u.s. similar to toyota lexus and nissan infin car lines. 
 averag share increas about 13%, to 19.3 million.del attribut the earn declin in part to price reduct on comput use the intel corp. 80286 microprocessor, a line that is reach maturity. 
 "we continu to look for way to improv our product by updat them, offer a more-modern look and introduc new products" said mr. kyle.for example, the compani has begun promot a new line of cake and pie in flavor that chang monthly.in addition, he said a line of honey-graham cooki call tasti bears, aim at children age six to 12, has been well receiv sinc it debut in may. 
 "we prefer to invest in softwar compani with $2 million to $5 million in revenu instead of start them from scratch," say andrew rachleff, a partner in merrill, pickard, anderson & eyre.th palo alto, calif., ventur firm recent led a $4 million financ to buy softwar line for a newli form company. 
 anacomp inc. said it xidex unit will manufactur a line of floppy-disk product for hewlett-packard co. 
 just five month after it introduction, general motor corp. is rais the price of it 1990 chevrolet lumina sedan, the first of a new line of four-door sedan gm is count on to boost it sag car-market share. 
 some answer are surpris simple.with market-research assist arrang by netaac, a paper compani introduc a line of snazzi paper sold with instruct to write a resume. 
 for a printing-equip maker, netaac came up with a two-prong solution.it is help the compani to simplifi it product to reduc product and servic costs, and to come up with a low-pric line to export to industri countries, mr. mclaughlin says. 
 automat data process inc. said fourth-quart earn rose 9% and predict a more than 10% increas in per-shar earn for the new fiscal year.th computer-servic compani attribut the earn growth to strength in it employer-servic and dealer-servic businesses, and said it expect both those line to have double-digit growth in the year end june 30. 
 he was general optimistic, despit acknowledg that the first half was "high disappointing."h said the rollout of the 2200 line of mainfram -- whose delay caus some of the recent problem -- "went, if anything, better than we expected." 
 after 18 month of ad new region markets, the compani has near complet the introduct of it top-shelf microwav entrees, design to remain fresh on grocery-stor shelv without freezing.it newer chicken by georg line is just get under way. 
 mr. marotta and ms. zain also have clone the amyloid protein gene and have transplant it into cell grown in a test tube.thi line of cell is now produc excess quantiti of beta-amyloid protein, also known as a4 peptide. 
 "the market is still veri short of stock," one dealer said."although privat client are stick to the sidelines, most institut are still on the lookout for a good, reason price line of stock." 
 mr. mcdonald maintain that prime $500-million-a-year comput servic busi generat enough cash to pay the interest.h said prime fast-grow computer design busi may get more r&d funding, and that the proprietari seri 50 minicomput line will be abl to cut costs. 
 while imit may be the sincerest form of flattery, anthoni maglica would appreci fewer kudos.mr. maglica, presid and owner of mag instrument inc., design a line of high-priced, high-qual flashlights, known as the mag-lit and mini maglite. 
 part of geo problem has been that it product offer are as muddl as a hockey team in the middl of a fli line change.al chevi dealer sell the line had the metro minicar, but they didn't begin receiv the restyl geo prizm, previous the chevrolet nova, until earlier this year. 
 however, par disclos in a file with the secur and exchang commiss that the fda inspect of the company, includ quad, continues.in it filing, par said sale and gross margin of quad inject line "may also be advers affected, although to a lesser extent." 
 mani custom seem to have been won over, and ibm unveil some product last week that consult said should confirm that view.som of the product were enhanc for ibm so-cal privat branch exchang that make the telephon switch mesh better with the siemen line. 
 lockhe has outpac the standard & poor aerospac index in the past decade, and appear certain to surviv the defens industri shake-out.it doe face some short-term negatives, such as this year wind down of the c-5b transport and p3 anti-submarin aircraft programs; complet of the f-117a stealth fighter line in 1990; and a high level of defer incom taxes. 
 despit previous flop within this niche, campbel soup co., kraft general food and nestl enterpris inc. all are test-market prepackaged, refriger fresh food that need onli be tote home and heat or light cooked.and nestl s.a. carnat co. alreadi sell a limit line of chill fare nationwid and say it may expand. 
 last year, the compani said it hope to introduc american shopper to it chill fare through king supermarket inc., a small chain of upscal new jersey grocer that it had just acquired.except to say that a come launch of new food line would be "significant," a spokeswoman last week wouldn't elabor on the compani plans. 
 such a complex system is difficult to match in the u.s., where distribut chain are long.indeed, jame h. moran, public-rel director for campbell, cite distribut problem as one reason whi the compani withdrew it fresh chef line of refriger sauces, soup and salad two year ago. 
 now, campbel is tri again.in philadelphia, it is test-market fresh kitchen, a new line of refriger sauces, entre and desserts. 
 culinova fresh entrees, launch in 1986 by philip morri cos. general food corp., hit similar distribut problems.last december, short after philip morri bought kraft inc., the struggl line was scrapped. 
 last december, short after philip morri bought kraft inc., the struggl line was scrapped.but kraft general foods, the offspr of philip morri acquisition, is press ahead with the chilleri line of entrees, salads, pasta and dessert origin develop by kraft. 
 nestle, the swiss giant, has jump into the u.s. chilled-food market on two fronts.it nestl enterpris subsidiary, base in solon, ohio, is test-market a line of upscal entre and salad call freshnes. 
 food-industri expert say that those type of product are less temperature-sensit than fanci entrees.carn is look at broaden it refrigerated-food line, say richard curd, a compani spokesman, although he too declin to elaborate. 
 it a sport that now occupi a larg part of his life.until recent a st. louis-bas editor at a success outdoor magazine, mr. kruger move to the ozark to focus on flyfish for bass -- to write about it, to guid float-trip and to develop a line of lures. 
 but they are also tri to soft-ped the price increas -- by scatter them all over the window sticker, end discount on option and put last year middle-of-the-lineup name on this year base model.consid the strategi general motor corp. is use on the soon-to-be-introduc 1990 version of it high-volum chevrolet corsica line. 
 that averag to about $750 a vehicle, chrysler offici say.whil gm price increas may not look as steep as it two domest rivals, that larg becaus ford and chrysler are make air bag standard equip on more of their car lines. 
 ford is rais the price of it bronco ii sport util vehicl $607, or 4.3%, to $14,718, even though sale of the vehicl have fallen about 13% this year and the latest model is due to be replac next spring by an all-new product.chrysler, meanwhile, is look to earn more on it lebaron line of coup by load more equip -- includ a new v-6 engin -- into a "premium" version of the car. 
 oldsmobil silhouette, which is virtual ident to the pontiac, will start at $17,195.bi comparison, much of chrysler minivan line is less expensive. 
 prime comput inc., natick, mass., unveil two comput in it new exl 1200 line base on multiprocessor comput made by sequent comput system inc., beaverton, ore. 
 the commerc depart announc last month that it was lift export curb on a wide class of desktop computers.but the order carri out that decis add not onli laptop but other, more power version of intern busi machin corp. ps/2 line than the origin announc covered. 
 nissan motor co. is consolid it sentra budget car line for 1990 by elimin some model and make higher-pr version of other avail onli as special option packages. 
 "the growth is less rapid than expected," an intel spokeswoman said.also contribut to the outlook, she said, were start-up cost associ with a line of comput that intel plan to start ship in the current quarter and cost of prepar for mass shipment of the compani new 80486 chip in the fourth quarter. 
 as part of the restructuring, interlak also said it intend to focus on it core businesses, includ powder metals, aerospac components, and storag and handl products.it plan to divest itself of unrel lines, but it didn't specifi what they are. 
 royc laboratories, likewis isn't profitable.th compani says, however, that it is await approv from the fda to manufactur and sell 12 generic prescript drug and it intend to expand it line of over-the-count drug product to increas revenue. 
 donnkenni inc. was bet lightn would strike again when it put the name of dian von furstenberg, the jet-set socialit who had a hot design label in the 1970s, on a line of dress earlier this year. 
 the lawsuit say the name ivana is wide associ with mrs. trump busi dealings, and that pavion ltd. ivana lipstick is "an attempt to capit on {mrs.} trump celebr status."th lawsuit, which seek damag of at least $10 million, also say that mrs. trump is use the name for her own line of perfume. 
 a decad after it betamax home-video format lost out to rival vhs, soni corp. of america, a unit of the japanes consumer-electron giant, is tri to forc it way back into the video limelight with it 8mm format, launch four year ago.soni hope to popular "video 8" through the concept of "person video" -- video wherev you go -- as exemplifi by it video walkman line: tini battery-oper color mini-tv with built-in videocassett recorders. 
 mr. tarlow declin to comment, but a revlon spokesman indic that the agenc were drop "for classic client-ag reasons."th onli agenc to surviv yesterday cut are ketchum advertising, new york, which is work on a major product introduct for a new line of hair-car products; and peter roger associates, which handl the advertis for scaasi, a perfume. 
 young & rubicam continu as agenc of record for network and print media buying.hil holliday handl advertis for revlon charli and troubl fragrances, clean & clear hair care line and nutrasom hair care treatment. 
 analyst say this isn't impossible, given their own project that black & decker earn could soar to $5 to $6 a share over the same period.black & decker purchas of general electr small applianc line in 1985 "was more riski than emhart," mr. archibald declares. 
 hartmarx agre june 27 to sell countri miss, base in easton, pa., to lb for about $62 million, the file says.countri miss, which make and retail moder price sportswear, is on the block becaus it doesn't fit into hartmarx focus on upscale, higher-qu cloth lines. 
 the compani was devast in the earli 1980s, when virtual all of it busi were rock by a deep recession.onc an industri scaveng that grew through acquisit and turnaround of mature, out-of-favor manufacturers, it began shed virtual all it line and take huge write-off in recent years. 
 taco bell of irvine, calif., anoth major new client of foot cone san francisco, had previous been at omnicom group tracy-lock agenc in los angeles.a strong creativ reput certain help foot cone and other west coast agenc like hal riney, whose nation account includ general motor new saturn line. 
 the highest-pr car, the 911 carrera 4 cabriolet convertible, will remain at $77,800.the ad featur includ driver-sid and passenger-sid air bag on all of the compani car lines; not all 1989 model had air bags. 
 "i think the govern want to use market forces, rather than regulations, to make the compani achiev economi of scale," say mr. pinon.govern free-trad hope that produc will ceas product of some line that could more effect be imported, and turn out more of the model they make best. 
 reebok intern ltd. said it reach an agreement in principl to buy the boston whaler unit of cml group inc. for about $42 million, signal a signific broaden of reebok product base.reebok has made sever acquisit in recent year to expand it athlet footwear and sportswear lines. 
 nonetheless, hewlett-packard is a huge compani with much greater resourc than sun and mips.it domin the risc market with it line of high-end workstations, and is the lead maker of all kind of workstat with it recent acquisit of apollo computer. 
 in the past, risc/unix machin have been veri expensive, and limit most to scientif and engin applications.but sun microsystem has led a movement to offer less expens workstat that are begin to compet with ibm ps/2 line and with appl comput macintosh. 
 hispan tracking: telemundo group and univis holdings, as expected, sign a contract with a.c. nielsen for the develop of a nation hispan tv rate servic use peopl meters.new accounts: crystal brand jewelri group, new york, award it monet, trifari and marvella line to margeot fertitta & weiss, new york. 
 capit spend will total about $34 million in the current fiscal year as the compani continu to upgrad plants.in fiscal 1989, capit outlay total $51 million, with $11 million go to sharpli expand product of oat bran at it cedar rapids, iowa, plant, and anoth sizabl amount to launch a line of microwav chili and other entre in single-serv packs. 
 ametek inc. said it complet the acquisit of general electr co. instrument-product unit in exchang for $110 million and the transfer of an ametek plastic plant to ge.ametek, a paoli, pa., industri manufacturer, said the acquisit would strong complement it line of jet-aircraft instruments. 
 that rate was 98%, compar with 39% last year, the compani said.th rail-intermod line, which consist of piggyback trailers, domest contain and chassis, repres about 60% of the compani business. 
 but the sale increas came off relat weak 1988 result and indic a general lacklust retail environ like to continu for the rest of 1989, analyst said.in general, depart and specialti store fare better, becaus of some shift away from bigger ticket purchas such as automobil to apparel lines. 
 at dallas-bas j.c. penney co., which has increas it depend on fashion merchandise, same-stor sale rose 9.7% against a 2.5% decreas a year ago.william r. howell, chairman, said the strongest gain result from children merchandise, but note that all apparel line had substanti increases. 
 at minneapolis-bas dayton hudson corp., same-stor sale rose 6.9% for juli and 5.9% for the 26 weeks."th month sale growth was led by soft lines," said kenneth a. macke, chairman and chief execut officer. 
 but with the luxuri market soft and consum confid about make car purchas waning, that may not be enough to establish a strong presence.th line also face the challeng of forg an ident -- one distinct not onli from lexus rival but also from toyota itself. 
 and by borrow exterior and dashboard-styl cue from mercedes-benz, say some experts, lexus risk get a "copycat" label instead of a distinct identity.also, while lexus price compar favor with those of european cars, they don't look particular attract alongsid the price of ford lincoln line and general motor corp. cadillac division. 
 but ibm post an earn gain of 39%; the rise was just 8% after adjust the year-earli result for a restructur charg and a gain on a sale.ibm had it first signific revenu gain in the u.s. in years, and got a strong perform from it as/400 minicomput line -- which wasn't yet introduc a year earlier. 
 in his letter, mr. jacob said that, like amway, he would sell avon giorgio bever hill inc. and parfum stern inc. units, as well as other oper that avon may be treat as discontinued.in recent month the new york-bas compani has been dispos of ancillari busi to concentr on it line of household good and cosmetics, which are distribut primarili through a direct-sal force. 
 so, a number of vintners, larg and small, are show sign of battl fatigue.no. 2-rank heublein inc., a unit of grand metropolitan plc, is regist steep declin in it almaden and inglenook lines. 
 the sudden recognit work magic (though it came as someth of a shock to the natives, "who do these new yorker think they are, come out here and beat us at our own game?"), and the veri first vintag sold out quickly.ther wasn't much of it, however, and the vineyard need cash flow, so bruno came up with the idea of a line of inexpens wines, proprietor reserv red and white, that were first offer at $2.99 a bottle. 
 sale leap to 1.5 million case by 1987, with proprietor reserv chardonnay lead the pack.in fact, the success of the proprietor reserv line advers affect sale of glen ellen estat wines, barrel-ag chardonnay, sauvignon blanc, and cabernet sauvignon that were sold most to restaurants. 
 meanwhile, glen ellen proprietor reserv sale continu to soar.th line has now expand to includ a select dri white, sauvignon blanc, merlot and white zinfandel. 
 fetzer success is larg due to the enorm popular of it moder price varietals, sundial chardonnay and valley oak fume blanc, which sell for about $7.50 and $6 respectively.fetz make a full line of variet wines, all excel value, especi the barrel select zinfandel and reserv pinot noir. 
 data general corp. introduc a line of person comput and workstat compat with intern busi machin corp. pc-at computers. 
 the new model rang from a compact desktop machin to a power network server and are price from $2,995 to $8,495.data general also introduc softwar that let pc user communic with it larger minicomput line. 
 among other things, the compani had been slow in integr the market of both fireston and bridgeston brand tires.for instance, bridgeston tire onli recent were ad to fireston line at fireston chain of mastercar automot repair stores. 
 bmw sale drop 15.6%, while volkswagen ag sale fell 11.7%.however, volkswagen audi line boost sale 61.5% in juli to 2,653 vehicles. 
 the rebound came in the wake of the nation highway traffic safeti administr announc in mid-juli that it had found no mechan defect in audi 5000 model that could have caus the car to sudden acceler out of control.publ about sudden acceler in that now-discontinu model line had stain audi imag and help to depress sale for near three years. 
 so the japan of the 21st centuri may be expect to assum the role of a matur creditor country, import more than it is exporting, and earn more from it foreign asset hold than it is invest abroad to add to them.finally, the deep-seat mercantilist orient of the japanes economi will probabl be buffet by two strong forc in the intern trade arena: formal and inform protection in the u.s. and european market as well as the displac of japanes consum durabl product by compet line from south korea, taiwan, singapor and hong kong. 
 however, makita fail to convinc the judg that it so-cal trade dress is distinct enough.th itc call echo it 1987 decis uphold an administr law judg rule to dismiss samsonit corp. complaint that four taiwanes manufactur illeg copi one of the colorado firm popular luggag lines. 
 it is limit onli by the creativ of the peopl who'll relaunch it."mr. carosi insist hasbro has made some advanc in the area of line extensions. 
 after a swig, mr. carosi says, the doll burps.and then there the design cabbag patch line that featur doll dress in trendi fashions. 
 he adds, however, that video air is start to tri tie in advertis with movies.for "rain man," whose video releas will includ a nation ad for buick, video air is "tri to get local buick dealer to do a tag at the end of the ad, saying, come see our line of buick at your local dealer,'" mr. mathi says. 
 but wertheim mr. gell is doubtful."generally, line extens just prolong the agoni by increas the relianc on those products, which don't grow as fast as their precursors," he says. 
 notably, befor the fda procedur were revis by the waxman-hatch act of 1984, the agenc made the generic maker go through a batteri of addit chemic and other test to prove their drug effect and safety, not just bioequivalence.but congress want to creat more price competit in mani pharmaceut lines, and therefor expedit the fda treatment of generic drug applications. 
 the compani has invest more than $4 million in hdtv product gear, say barri rebo, president.with 40 employe and about $3.5 million in annual revenue, rebo produc hdtv program and is develop a line of specialti equip for hdtv production. 
 some firms, like horchow mail order inc. in dalla and sharper imag co. in san francisco, offer onli limit guarante on merchandis -- a bold departur from a tradit among catalog compani of lure custom away from retail with lifetim warranties.som firms, like spiegel inc. of oak brook, ill., and sears, roebuck & co., chicago, discontinu line with higher return rates. 
 viag expans also has focus on aluminum operations, in it vereinigt aluminium werk ag. viag has increas smelt capac through the purchas of a 20% stake in a canadian smelter that is be built.th compani also is effect ad a line, refractori product and industri ceramics, by boost it stake in didier-werk ag to 49% from 27%. 
 octel communic corp., milpitas, calif., said fiscal fourth-quart earn rose 57%, and announc plan to sell 1.5 million common shares.octel, cite "good result sell our voice-process line to larg corpor customers," said profit for the quarter, end june 30, was $3.3 million, or 21 cent a share, compar with $2.1 million, or 15 cent a share, a year earlier. 
 "peopl will turn to the next question: what kind of real momentum will be creat by the combin of these businesses?" ask david maccallum, a new york pharmaceut analyst for san francisco broker hambrecht & quist inc."i don't think there anyth those two organ will do that will creat signific momentum for the top (sales) line." 
 mr. gumucio said cray is encount discount price by ibm, particular in bid for univers contracts.convex is be aggress in battl for departmental-s machines, at the low end of cray line. 
 but now, it white-collar rank have balloon to 31,000.much of this was the by-product of chrysler 1987 acquisit of american motor corp. and it hot-sel jeep line. 
 just yesterday, chrysler doubl the rebat on those omni and horizon subcompact to $1,500 -- a whop 23% discount.such discount put more pressur on it minivan and jeep to generat profit, but those line are about to be bombard by new competitors. 
 three year ago, that all changed.doravill was select to build a new line of midsiz coupes, code-nam "gm-10" and cost $5 billion to develop. 
 the firm problem realli began in the mid-1980s, when it decid against seek a share of the new generat of fighter envis by the navi in order to concentr it technic and financi resourc on an overrid goal: win the multibillion-dollar contract to build a replac for the bulbous-nos a-6 intruder, the navi onli long-range, all-weath bomber.but the compani isn't among the firm pick for that contract, leav it without a new line of warplan when product of it battle-test but age model is phase out. 
 gm is mere suffer -- and hunt for a cure.it is ad four-door sedan to the gm-10 line.it is convert two auto plant to truck production, close a car plant in framingham, mass., this summer, and plan to squeez product of one of it large-car line into two assembl plant instead of three. 
 but it must also serv exist buyer of it older computers, which provid the bulk of sales."th declin of data general exist proprietari product continu to overshadow the transit to the new unix-bas line," said barri f. willman, an analyst with sanford c. bernstein & co. 
 boe co. second-quart net incom jump 20% on stronger revenue, but the world lead aircraft maker stress that it continu "to face signific challeng and risks" in both it commerci and militari lines. 
 "you still have to convinc homeown that this (dymetrol) perform better than springs," mr. bost says.industri expert also say that sears, which of late has been stress it "everyday low prices," may be hinder in it abil to sell it line, which it has posit as more fashion and more expens than the typic furnitur it sells. 
 "sear has the clout and the credibl when it come to furniture," say jerri epperson, a secur analyst at wheat first securities.sear and du pont introduc the last imag furnitur line at the american craft museum here in a model live room similar to the one that will be set up this fall in 450 of sear larger stores. 
 