mr. marasek has been known to sew a loaf of bread togeth to prevent the cast from trip over a fallen slice. itself pose a risk to actors, who may swallow more than their lines. 
 "planter is give us cashew for broadway bound,'" say mr. marasek."th cast goe through a pound a show, even though there onli a line about one nut in the script. 
 macbeth is crown king, but he is consum by guilt.experienc gradual disintegration, he utter the line that signal the futil of his existence: 
 mr. boeski -- whose prep-school educ presum includ an introduct to greek and shakespearean tragedi -- may have been less surpris than other by his own downfall.perhap he rememb the line from shakespear "henri viii": "cromwell, i charg thee, fling away ambition, by that sin fell the angels." 
 "first of all, i can't stand movi with titl i can't pronounce," say one.h show us actor train in shakespear stumbl over such tryout line as: "i ain't be got no weapon." 
 indeed, it is rumor that some firm in new york at time dispens entir with lengthi bill and detail per-hour calculations.cli report get a one-pag bill on which is written a singl line. 
 not until he got to emerson college, where he major in directing, did he learn to speak fluently.a he recal his colleg days, he interrupt himself to rattl off the first six line of molier "the misanthrope." 
 no one question mr. dole masteri of the detail of govern and his quick wit, but it still isn't clear whether he will be abl to project vision, to talk less about committe action and more about conviction.th entreati to add a broader vision and a rhetor lilt to the candid appeal -- to forc a speaker accustom to the senat chamber to project his voic to a nation audienc -- are plain jar to mr. dole, who is uncomfort with the touch of tennyson that crept into the polit speech of the kennedi brother or with the line from lincoln that are the stapl of republican speeches. 
 the agenc is tri to determin whether a unit of giant group ltd., a bever hills, calif.-bas cement concern control by mr. sugarman, and other entiti with tre hold fail to disclos that they were act in concert, sourc said.becaus of a product error some line were drop in an earlier edition. 
 the speech larg was written not by the usual team of white hous speechwriters, but by an outsid to the administration, landon parvin.mr. parvin has written some of first ladi nanci reagan anti-drug speech as well as gag line for a number of well-known washington officials, includ former chief of staff regan. 
 i wish i could rememb who -- wrote, "there no sport righter than a sportswriter."it a cute line, but untrue. 
 three month later, when the tune was given the song-slid treatment, "take me out to the ball game" becam a big hit.twelv to 16 color transpar were usual necessari to illustr a song, one slide for each line of lyrics. 
 the brief shot open with him saying: "when i said i never knew a thing about the waterg break-in, you probabl didn't believ me, did you?"that line is follow by a descript of mr. ehrlichman as "an unbeliev person for an unbeliev product." 
 as it stands, awkward as a boy who walk nake into the "y" pool and discov a crowd gather for a swim meet, "ishtar" provid embarrassment, but also laughter.ms. may has written some great joke and clever lines: for example, the way jack weston, who doe a brief but amus stint as the low-level talent agent who repres the duo, sum up his client career prospects. 
 the news provid a lot of the jokes.about a half hour befor the show, the cast of six gather backstag to brainstorm about new lines. 
 although a former democrat and teachers-union activist, he earn a reput as a fiscal conserv dure his two term as mayor of tampa, fla., by slash properti taxes.a a gubernatori candidate, mr. martinez, the grandson of spanish immigrants, mock his democrat opponent, steve pajcic, with line such as: "he never met a tax he didn't like." 
 peopl go about find one in differ ways.th industri will buy the daili race form and perus the long line of tini number that constitut the hors biographies. 
 but "the bronx zoo" sweat and strain all the same, regal us poor understimul viewer with oodl of lip-moistening, hip-grind dirti talk.whil harri and sara talk a good game, the action is less convinc -- perhap becaus the two actors, david wilson and kathryn harrold, can't conceal their boredom with the stupid line they have to recite. 
 mr. werner, a 27-year-old litig specialist with kirkpatrick & lockhart, also describ how a firm might review the work of a young associ name abraham lincoln: "about your work habits: you can't turn in your speech on the back of an envelope. . . .and this first line, fourscor and seven years. 
 their shortsight commit to quarter figur skew the market and can be address onli through new feder legislation.their testimoni remind me of the line in the comic strip "pogo": "we have met the enemi and he is us." 
 a local minist forbad his congreg to see "hamlet" -- presum becaus of cuss word ad by the company.and there were mishaps, as when gus watson, the grocer, forgot the line "how now lord hamlet" and settl for "hi." 
 telephon line link home termin to the compani central comput weren't alway reliable."we'd lose a line in the middl of transmission, and mani time have to redo the work," say raymond howell, who help overse hartford yearlong experiment. 
 natur lighting, subdu colors, extrem close-up and a graini film qualiti all contribut to the true-to-lif feel of cinema verit ads.also, peopl in the ad speak with a natur cadence, use colloqui phrase and punctuat their line with paus and an occasion "uh" or "you know." 
 we have onli four teeth.bayles: alf, you use that line in a recent episode! 
 "he quiet, not particular argumentative, and he know what question to ask.if a lawyer forget ani of his lines, nate is the first to prompt him." 
 behind the scenes, however, anoth battl was brew within congress itself.th budget resolut contain a line that is like to creat a furor in the oil industri and between lawmak from differ region of the country. 
 "the way i alway cast is, would i want to sit next to him in a bar?" he says.add michael forman, a hollywood talent agent, "we have model that can't for the life of them deliv a line." 
 ibm is expect to spend $30 million advertis the new product in the next three months.th barrag began with a full-pag newspap ad yesterday that carri no compani name and end with a singl line: "here we go again." 
 the decis "no" vote was cast by an execut who thought the novel was an adolesc fantasy, and said the author would do well to consult a therapist about his problem.th line found it way into the novel. 
 her own marriag is an even richer sourc for the strip.mrs. johnston often interrupt a marit argument to jot down a particular good line, say her husband, rod. 
 the success of the cooki led her to team up with deborah kaufman, an art administrator, to form divin inc.th compani first product, call divin poetri in chocolate, is a hand-folded, chocolate-dip fortun cooki contain line from a poet, such as oscar wild or gertrud stein. 
 percentag figur were slight off in one line of a tabl accompani warren brook articl on yesterday editori page. 
 one read far too much about cocain addict these day for either reaction.what caught my eye were a coupl of line in which mclain explain whi he felt he was abov the kind of constraint that might have led him to think twice about use the illeg and harm drug. 
 mr. resnai compar the melodrama to a puccini opera."i want it to be like a draw you make without lift the pen off the paper -- i want the audienc to be move by the line, the simplic of the line." 
 agreement even on relat trivial matters, such as common safeti standard for forklift or children toys, take years.so mani tedious council of minist meet end without real progress on major issu that report joke that there is one open line that serv for 90% of their stories. 
 as a wall street journal reporter, i'm often ask for advic on good investments.i respond with such old line as: "want to make a small fortun in the markets? 
 gabelli equiti trust inc. had a net asset valu of $9.36 and a close price of 8 7/8 as of friday.in the list of public trade fund in an earlier edition, the line were reversed. 
 "oh, what a tangl web we weave, when first we practic to deceive," recit assist u.s. attorney sheldon light, cite sir walter 19th-centuri poem "marmion."mov ahead 100 years, he close with mr. dylan immort line, "you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows." 
 although there no plot to speak of, the cast includ the titl character, a seer who talk to the bird (and they to him, natch); numer believ and skeptic passers-by; a host of god and goddesses; the personif of sorrow; and the personif of laughter.ther are also line for "a thousand voices" (muffled) and "the distant mountains" (which say "mogoooo! 
 she could be a young mother or a career girl," he says."but when you read the first two lines, she isn't that way anymore. {she is} out sleep around." 
 virginius dabney, now 85, add a prefatori note about the incept of this select from his book and newspap writing.occasion he insert a few line of comment at the head of a chapter. 
 no one, least of all mr. hall, would say that the answer are all in on the futur of the dtc.but for the moment he can afford to take a deep breath and mayb even sing one of randi newman line from a song in "all the king men": i'm all right now. 
 america is the land of the norman rockwel small town of his hollywood youth.doubtless olli north deed remind the presid of his own intrepid exploit in film like "desper journey," where he help errol flynn escap from a nazi pow camp; the famous last line was, "now for australia and a crack at those japs!" 
 charl boyer didn't say it to hedi lamarr in the 1938 film "algiers."but the famous line that never was has lent the oldest section of this capit an imag of glamour and romanc -- and not without justification. 
 he never grew up and his vers is bog in his swansea childhood."but in write such line will you allow yourself to think you are not pay off dylan for his inimit verbal talent? 
 the big question about him is whether he can excit voter on the stump.seem anticip this problem yesterday, he deliv line that echo john f. kennedy. 
 but there must be someth between overstyl video imageri and this lifeless stuff; beer commerci carri more of a wallop.ms. jett make someth out of patti despit the line mr. schrader has given her. 
 nobodi els made ani impact, and not much was gain by chuck the opera tradit spoken dialogu in favor of some recent discov recit pen by massenet after the 1884 premier at the opera-comique.on the other hand, the met forc it "carmen" cast to speak the origin french dialogu instead of the tradit orchestr lines. 
 "who knew the market would go up so far, so fast, this earli in the year?" say greg confair, the presid of sigma financi inc., an allentown, pa., invest adviser."it proof of the old line that the market will alway act in a way to frustrat the greatest number of people." 
 it start out with a line in ronald reagan 1986 state of the union address ask a member of his cabinet to come up with a program in which "the privat sector and govern can work together" to protect american hit by catastroph ill from financi ruin. 
 how mani but-for arguments, "res ipsa" claim and 1,000-word footnot can our cultur absorb?how mani more feder judg can get by with line like, "we write, therefore, on a relat "tabula rasa," despit the burgeon field of secur law." 
 mr. iacocca has repeat said he doesn't want the nomin and appear eager to send that messag again follow the board meeting."i'm steal a line from the presid and go for four more years, but i'm do them in detroit, and not in washington," he said. 
 howev it is also rearrang and out of context to suit mr. billingsley contention.th veri next line of my statment made it clear that i had been speak satir and that those view did not repres my own attitudes.mr. billingsley did not see fit to quot that line. 
 the postal servic said it will modifi it contract with electrocom autom inc. of arlington, texas, in order to acquir more sophist mail-sort equipment.th new contract will mandat design chang so the equip will be abl to "read" sever line of a type address on a business-s envelope.th origin electrocom contract, valu at about $200 million, was for the deliveri of 406 mailsort capabl of read onli one line. 
 in the famous final scene of the 1939 film "gone with the wind," rhett butler, free at last from scarlett spell after be led around by the nose for three hour and 40 minutes, respond to her ultim tirad with a sad, debonair: "frankly, my dear, i don't give a damn."even today, audienc greet the line with cheer and applause. 
 he stomp around tampa threaten to molest the skin in various ugli ways, includ tear off their lip (ugh!).alzado also got off the best pre-sb line i'v heard. 
 american express offici say the compani receiv a stand ovat at the ralli when one of their market told the crowd, "we'r mile-high on the broncos."add the compani mr. freeman, "how could you pass up a market line like that?" 
 "lorillard won't public admit it made a mistake, even though the peopl there are concern about the controversi and will be alter the ads," say a sourc close to the company.but sara ridgway, a lorillard spokeswoman, assert that the campaign won't be kill and that if there are ani changes, "the essenc of the ads, includ the line, the experi you seek, will remain the same." 
 a prefac of a singl page or less accompani each play.ther is a glossary, and for the "sonnets" an index of first lines. 
 sure one day to enter standard book of quotat was sir robert admiss that sometim in his role as chief mandarin he had to be "econom with the truth."that line, say peter hennessy, a british polit commentator, "could have come straight out of sir humphrey mouth in yes, prime minister. " sir humphrey appleby, in the tv show, hold the same job as sir robert hold in real life under prime minist margaret thatcher. 
 the hous and senat committe investig the iran/contra affair are tri to work out an agreement to meet on altern days.that way neither will upstag the other as each new revel is milked, like a fine line from hamlet, for all it worth. 
 but what, exactly?beyond memor the line and move about in an appropri way, what doe an actor do? 
 "i play the friend of anoth psychiatrist, who is perplex becaus her patient, a compuls gambler, want to commit suicide," say miss skala."but a lot of my line were difficult to understand. 
 in one instance, miss skala was abl to tone down some raw dialogu by suggest a substitut joke she rememb from her act career in austria, where she was born.in a scene with miss crouse, she ad a line, "you need joy." 
 charl lindbergh histor word were, "i made it."neil armstrong utter the neat craft "one small step" lines. 
 "they are intrigued," add ms. emmons, "becaus never has the technic matter so much.in other product you kill yourself to make a chair and the director will just throw it out if they cut the line about the chair. 
 but the api, join by some group profess concern for "nation security," has begun suggest that anoth energi crisi might develop sometim in the near future, probabl by the mid-1990s.wher have we heard that line before? 
 as it happened, much of the oil industri fare veri well under controls, main becaus of the system of "entitlements" that act as a subsidi to compani that depend heavili on import oil.w wonder to this day whether the shell and exxon execut who peddl the "impend shortage" line back then had foreseen how well their privat interest would be served. 
 at one point last week, the juror sent word to judg cook that they were deadlock on the loan issue, but judg cook sent back a note tell them to "continu to deliberate," mr. bryce said.h said the instruct that most confus the juror as they continu to deliber was one line on a special verdict form that read, "without such unanim agreement, you must find the defend not guilti of count one" -- a racket charge. 
 he said the instruct that most confus the juror as they continu to deliber was one line on a special verdict form that read, "without such unanim agreement, you must find the defend not guilti of count one" -- a racket charge.mr. bryce said the juror ask the judg for a specif clarif of that one line. 
 if you'r not abus me, you'r embarrass me."i didn't fulli appreci this line of dialog until the movi was over. 
 the rev. pat robertson has good ideas, "but i don't think we'r readi for him."ther "someth about" rep. kemp "that make it imposs for peopl to understand what he is saying," and when a fellow gop candid told her mr. kemp remind him of the strateg defens initi -- about 60% effect -- she ask whether she could borrow the line. 
 mr. o'neil may be the sort of man who watch "gener electr theatre," but even retir has not mellow his view of ronald reagan, who enter polit in a fashion alien to mr. o'neil and who domin washington in the year of his speakership."most of the time he was an actor read lines, who didn't understand his own programs," mr. o'neil writes. 
 the command to shoot escape has been made into law.even their nation anthem is no longer sung becaus a line in the text says, germany, unit fatherland.'" 
 these are the kind of answer that could come from children in ani school in ani stable, decent community, and for a moment it is possibl to forget that the moral and physic blight of the ghetto is just outside.but sudden it intrud in a singl line, tortuous written and full of misspellings, produc by a 15-year-old girl. 
 mr. abbott arriv here in earli april, and after two gruel day of audit set to work with the 20-member cast.at first the actor were put off by mr. abbott practic of tell perform exact how to say a line and where to move. 
 but gradual i ad schoolboy stuff: a tug at the forelock, dig my shoe in the carpet.thre week into the run the laugh were gone, and georg said to me: just say the line flat without those curlicues. 
 movi buff rememb the line. 
 the same arrang will be use to portion out $12,000 gift from next week dinner, preced by cocktail at mr. gorog home in mclean, va.th invit includ 15 line of fine print explaining, "in accord with feder elect regulations, 11 cfr 9034.8(c)(3)," how the money will flow. 
 it is appropri to ask whether, in our contemporary, deregul transport environment, the law promot or encumb public-interest considerations; whether noth more is need than to transfer the two industri to the other law; or whether, in an attempt to change, the collis of special interest in congress might reshuffl the deck in some unpredict way that would not serv either the public or the industries.for peopl who have invest their career in one or the other of the railway labor act industries, these are profound question that deserv more than a throwaway line in what is otherwis a construct editorial. 
 richard leder write in verbatim, the languag quarterly, that a version of the song in earli french had the suitor offer onli a partridge, or une pertriz.a 1718 english version combin partridg and pertriz so that the line came out sound like a partridg in a pear tree. 
 that smart was a nativ of nearbi baton rouge, la. -- a mere set shot from his superdom heroic -- ad piquanc to the show.th truth-is-strang line was stronger at the masters, where winner mize, a longtim also-ran, was a home-town boy who had cut his spike at augusta countri club, just across the fenc from the august augusta nation cours where the tourney is held. 
 for the taping, he brought togeth the score of politician who have appear on agildo in wonderland over the past nine months.al they had to do was wave beer glass and sing a wish for the new year, includ these lines: 
 pennzoil further cave in when it drop it demand for interest total about $1 million a day until payment of the settlement.mr. kinnear station himself at weil gotschal with his batteri of attorney as the draft plan was examin line by line. 
 "at night, befor we'd go to sleep, jack like to play some records; and the song he love most came at the veri end of this record.th line he love to hear were: don't let it be forgot, that onc there was a spot, for one brief shine moment that was known as camelot.'" 
 newspap editor franci p. church becam famous for a 1897 editorial, address to a child, that includ the line "yes, virginia, there is a santa claus." 
 dawn upshaw did not becom the hot new soprano overnight, just almost overnight.thre year ago she was a graduat student make her metropolitan opera debut with "three line and a great costume" as the countess ceprano in "rigoletto." 
 but he see littl reason to believ that it measur to decentr econom decis will achiev their goal of inspir greater product and creativity.on joke mr. birman hear from friend back home revers that old karl marx line about capit be a necessari stage on the road to socialism. 
 feder reserv board chairman alan greenspan borrow a line from his predecessor, paul volcker, and call upon the reagan administr and congress to take further step toward close the budget deficit. 
 "wall street casualty," say another, follow by ad head "post black mon value" and "crash victim anxious for im sale."som of these line may be just attention-getters. 
 possibl still lack is a sens of whimsy.som nutti line fell flat. 
 report from miami stake out his hous and discov donna rice.and sen. biden, the democrat demosthenes, unhors for borrow class-consci line from a celebr speech by neil kinnock, long-wind leader of great britain socialist party. 
 it turn out, too, that mr. biden realli wasn't the student at colleg and law school he had said he was."i exagger when i get angry," said the senator, in a line that would have sent h.l. mencken run for his trusti corona typewriter. 
 you'v land in the 50s, take in still anoth earnest, angri melodrama about the failur of the system to recogn that eccentr aren't necessarili crazy.you'r hear line such as: "a divorc woman is a target. 
 nevertheless, the compos call his "desert song" a romant operetta and it was stage as such at the 1926 premiere.societi have made a few small advanc sinc then, director/choreograph robert johanson stage the piec as a parody, appar revis part of the libretto though i wouldn't own up to it if i were he sinc no line utter suggest a modern mind at work. 
 a british scientist is risk his life to get it out.i am hook from the open line: 
 the movi onli bona fide star is jame earl jone as "few clothes" johnson, the impromptu leader of the black scabs.though his line are few, the sheer bulk of his bodi and that reson voic make his presenc felt throughout. 
 next week, however, a tini silicon valley firm will introduc a new reader that appear to provid a price breakthrough in read technology.clos held transimag corp. $2,600 hand-held reader can be swept along a line of text in a book or magazin and instant turn it into comput code for editing, alter or insert into letter or manuals. 
 will he tri to take her home?"you are put me in a veri delic position," he says, in what seem to be a stock line for august bachelors. 
 the last two line are probabl the most familiar: 
 and even though he led us to believ that we were in for an even of sentiment comedy, we let him get away with it.but when he bring all the survivor onstag to weep disconsol at their loss, and then, with a singl mean line of dialogu set them all laugh again we won't buy it. 
 the network say they have to polic commercials, becaus ad encourag peopl to imit them, while program is mere meant to entertain.typically, advertis send to the network storyboard of plan commercials; then the network examin everi line and nuance, often send commerci back for chang and sometim reject them altogether. 
 the group catch his enthusiasm."in a thousand year i couldn't come up with a line like this," say mr. gross. 
 in numer flashback scenes, we see him brutal his wife, his son, and his daughter, elena.sinc it imposs to judg the literari qualiti of a play when it line are be simultan translat via headphones, it hard to know if "renidero" is realli as didact as it seem to me. 
 this time, however, the formula flounders.oh, there are funni line and antic scenes: for example, mr. gently, the holist privat dick, promis to "solv the whole crime" and to "find the whole person," and a univers don nose is describ as bear a strike resembl to "the controversi keel which had help the australian win the america cup in 1983." 
 globe editor say mr. taylor hand is light."w talk over major things, but bill doesn't look over everi line of copy," say martin nolan, editori page editor. 
 this latest "jaws," the fourth in the series, is do good business, though the audienc i saw it with didn't seem veri scared, or veri involv in ani way at all.no one gasp when the shark (was it alway so obvious fake?) chomp human snacks, nor did anyon boo or hiss at the silli line and general aw performances. 
 accord to one current school of opinion, love is no longer compat with femal self-respect.thi opinion is reflect in the scene where molli fail to get a rise out of her psychiatrist until she blurt out the line about still love fred. 
 then the doctor prick up her ears; clearly, here is evid of a serious disorder.and the same line is quot in this week tv guid articl about blair brown, the actress who play molly, as evid of the contrast between the fiction molli and the real-lif ms. brown. 
 paul maslin, poll taker and polit strategist, say he can predict now the singl line that will set off the biggest ovat at next summer democrat nation convention. 
 most virtuous of all is ritchie, play by lou diamond phillips, who with his sweet face and delic carriag alreadi look frozen into sainthood.h walk around the camp, his guitar tuck under his arm, exud good and line like: "mi dream are pure rock and roll." 
 with his eye dart and intelligent, adm. poindext had a professori demeanor and a wonder prop, his pipe.h had some good line too, includ the climact word the whole plot had been build toward: "the buck stop here, with me." 
 the instrumentalist manag to cover the voic without much trouble, but mr. levin and the orchestra never summon the full-blood sound and the energi that schoenberg huge score wants.among the soloists, tatiana troyano made a marvel affect wood dove; philip creech was expert as klaus the fool, and mr. castel handl the line of the speaker most effectively. 
 "black talk to their star on the screen.if they hear a clever line, they'll say, get down. 
 those brief line tell much about the histori of farm in this area. 
 to help doctor and medic student sort through the thousand of pill and potion on the market, anoth comput program call mcdope, written at mcmaster univers in ontario, allow the user to administ drug to a varieti of patient and immedi wit the like results.until it was revised, the program includ this line: "your patient just died; do you have a good lawyer?" 
 joan river provid the voic of a robot lady-in-waiting.h line are disappoint dull but there great pleasur in hear that voic come out of a shapely, skinni bodi that look as though it been dip in gold lame from head to toe. 
 besid that, fashion in marriag chang as in other things.that line in the wed ceremoni about "until death do us part" seem nowaday a tie less bind than in former times. 
 conductor paul nadler control the ebb and flow of tchaikovski score with an expert hand.bariton mark pedrotti deliv onegin haughti line with a sneer as wide as siberia, but his sing was consider more detail and refined. 
 sometim he stop to review a detail.h dissatisfi with a coupl of deliveries, and mr. kosberg note the lines. 
 he vow to combat unfair trade practic overseas, creat an agricultur polici that works, help the homeless, build strong famili with strong values, and fight crime and violence.and in a line that seem to puzzl the carthaginians, he said that "the ancient practic of human sacrifice, onc commonplac throughout the world, is now obsolete." 
 he has, after all, been write familiar essay for a long time, and he has his move down pat.perfect titl ("they said you was high-class") and perfect open line ("how do thing stand with you and the seven dead sins?") are standard equipment. 
 pennzoil last week purchas advertis in 35 u.s. citi and in the intern herald tribune.th top line read, "on novemb 13, 1987, the wall street journal refus to run, unedited, this pennzoil ad." 
 "i like to feel comfort with do good while i go about do what i do well," he asserts.mr. delfin, who has the born salesman easi grin and smooth line of patter, is now focus on rais money for the red cross disast relief fund, which total about $30 million a year. 
 "the studi show the extent to which the most privileg in our societi have reap tremend benefit from reagan administr tax policies," said senat mitchell, invok the ancient theme of class warfare.w wonder if the senat bother to read the study, becaus if he had he might have recal the famous line about damn lie and statistics. 
 an exquisit littl paint by jean-jacqu hauer show anoth french ladi friend of wordsworth who did not: madam rolland sit in her draw room with her harp, pet dog and lafayette.plucki to the last, she manag a much-quot line befor tie down to the plank: "ah, liberty! 
 the 1923 classic mr. feshbach tout onc again is make the late, legendari jess livermor a cult figure.th notori stock-market specul from 1891 to 1940 probabl is best rememb for the line, "i never argu with the tape." 
 those men who, like me, have been remov for some year from the ceaseless bird-dog of their colleg day will enjoy ms. hite list of "pickup lines" now popular in colleg water holes.for everi line that employ the tool of the new age -- "i'v been take all these women studi cours and i'm so confus about my sexuality" -- there one that counterbal it with time-honor male logic: for example, "i bought you a beer!" 
 when the schoolkid put on their end-of-the-year concert in "sarafina!" it cap by a galvan number call "bring back nelson mandela."th afternoon i saw the show, a small knot of south african in the audienc shout "yes!" each time a line of the song invok the name of a south african martyr. 
 either way, mr. cavett is ill at eas -- shift uncertain from foot to foot, fidget with his hands.und the time pressure, he botch line and say inan thing (of a mid-match 200-200 tie he commented, "i can't help notic the score is fair even"). 
 and occasionally, the love-struck vincent even rise abov scriptwrit banality.instead of mouth line like "i realli care about what we have together, maddie," he has the sens to quot shakespeare. 
 and a success trip blight onli by bore banquet and ballet isn't the stuff of a dramat opera."nixon in china" unfold like a sappi pictur book, onc we stop be mild amaz see familiar-look politico turn into tenor and deliv such line as: "your flight was smooth, i hope?" (chou en-lai) "oh, yes, smooooooother than most" (nixon). 
 propon of this view were abet by nhl administrations, includ the current one, that held that fight is "part of the game."if you had a dollar for everi time a leagu or team offici mouth that silli line, you could restor all of the money lost in the recent stock-market decline. 
 there was no money in poetry, however.milton, for example, earn about a farth a line from "paradis lost." 
 in brief, the stori about marc connelli is one of those transfer of joke that alway occur when a joke is good.th man realli respons for the line attribut to connelli was, in fact, nichola longworth when he was speaker of the house.furthermore, his posit gave the line it real point -- the point be that the speakership in longworth day was not the dingi partisan and money-rais post that it has now become. 
 he trust his cops, and he like them tough.anoth of his famous lines: ". . . the way to treat crimin is "'spacco il capo.'" 
 "peopl tune in and saw the old rizzo," say mr. oxman, the polit consultant.hi most notabl line that night? 
 if al gore is sincer in distinguish his view from that of the other candidates, he will have to lay out his case for a stronger defens in much sharper and more convinc detail.otherwise, voter will be justifi in borrow a line from a previous candid and demand to know of al gore, "where the beef?" 
 if siegfri jerusalem was an unusu agil loge (wotan chief counsel), the chief god himself was unusu inert.jam morri deliv his line with a penetr bariton glint, but he has not yet finish grow into this signific role, and his odd tatti costum did not help him look important. 
 the alleg against mr. zaccaro hadn't yet been made when his wife, herself a former queen prosecutor, was make her vice presidenti bid.mr. zaccaro attorney, robert g. morvillo, borrow her former run mate line "where the beef?" -- itself borrow from a wendi hamburg ad -- in critic the state case. 
 there is a dadaist nonsens letter entitl "the," in which that word has been replac by an asterisk.thus, the epistl open line reads: "if you come into linen, your time is thirsti becaus ink saw some wood intellig enough to get busi from a sister." 
 real lawyer do not enjoy pseudo-courtroom thriller like "jag edge."they endur such drivel by find fault with everi line of courtroom dialogue, object through their popcorn. 
 you'v got to make your charact live.)then execut produc tobi hubner give me a real role with three line of dialogue, to be shot a few night hence."wow, three lines?" say the sarcast sound man, antonio arroyo. 
 rosali is play by carissa channing, 23, a bleached-blond breathtaker. (orvill is play by john mackay, age 39.)as i studi my lines, ms. chan worri that the tight white dress she wear in the scene is too sheer. 
 i say no, but this convinc her i am.th camera is roll into place, and my three line vanish from memory. 
 take two.adrenalin pumps, and i dare to ad lib, chang the line from "i don't think so, madame," to "nah, don't think so, lady, all right?" 
 ms. brown is quit effective, and doubli so to those who rememb her as she appear 10 year ago in "the turn point," when she was the naiv newcom who won mr. baryshnikov heart.you can see that toni is a playboy, with his leather jacket and his red sport car and the kind of come-on line onli teen-ag and intern celebr dancer would dare tri even on gullibl junior ballerinas. 
 in this, his first play, he take the role of the obnoxious, abus host of a radio call-in show, and let other actor play the oblig colleagu at the station and the lonely, sometim dement listen who call in.thi look like a real play, with david jenkin equipment-fil radio studio; with actors, under the direct of frederick zollo, walk on and off deliv lines; and with a possibl dangerous, certain derang fan burst into the studio for a face-to-fac confrontation. 
 joe biden was an earli expon of the charact issue, use it as a tool to undermin ed mees nomin to attorney general (mr. mees past acts, he intoned, were "beneath contempt").but charact came back to destroy mr. biden as a plagiarist, who even as he was withdraw from the race claim as his own robert kennedi "bend history" line, a borrow mr. biden had admit day earlier. 
 but as part of pbs wonder "american masters" series, "the ten-year lunch" is least success at what other show in the seri (notabl the season open on isaac bashevi singer) have done so well -- profil their subjects.w are introduc to a cast of characters, we hear a few of their famous lines, but we get onli the vaguest sens of them as people. 
 there someth decad about the algonquin round tabl -- so much partying, so mani arch word games, such desper cynic style consciousness.aft all those funni lines, whi should you end up feel sad? 
 if your muse isn't up to it, no matter.th bard of les-loges-en-josas, france, stephen powelson, stand ready, abl and more than mere will to pour the first 14,300 line into your ear, from memori -- and in classic greek.soon, he hopes, he will have commit the final 1,393 line to memory. 
 he has return to the u.s. at least 40 time in the past 10 year to do the "iliad" thing, usual for not more than an hour or two, at school and colleges.at these exhibit of mnemon prowess, a resid classicist random pick a line from the epic, and mr. powelson take it from there. 
 at the age of 10, he says, he memor in one week an entir year homework in sunday-school bibl studies.in prep school, he memor the first 100 line of the "iliad," took three greek cours in his senior year and won a nation prize for his greek. 
 he has perform at the univers of arkansas, colorado and massachusett and at tulan university, among other places.hi wife of 47 years, esther, say that mr. powelson is constant master new lines. 
 although it amalgam of recipes, crafts, fashion, advic and homemak tip will sound familiar -- "free in this issue!complet chicken cookbook and 8 recip card to save," read a cover line from the prototyp -- first promis a cleaner, more readabl packag with less ad clutter. 
 time and again he had rehears an answer refer to the victim in his famili and assert to mr. bush, "i don't need ani lectur from you about crime."h didn't deliv the line or even refer to his father or brother. 
 i am that man."h never use the lines, although -- like the plan answer to the question about crime -- he use them in subsequ speeches. 
 that not to impli that he doesn't do well with lucki long, chaotic medit on meditation.but even befor he utter a singl line of dialogue, mr. irwin astonish with his eloquence. 
 befor you even arriv at a party, of course, you must -- accord to ms. roan -- "practic your handshake."then deliv your open line, which you have practic beforehand as well. 
 they were well-suppli with blue-and-whit bush-quayl signs, red-white-and-blu pompon and miniatur american flags.high school cheerlead leap at mani applaus lines. 
 and without a budget deal, busi leaders, economist and even some of mr. bush own econom advis agre with mr. greenspan that financi instabl could quick follow.wal street and foreign market discount the vice presid tough anti-tax rhetor dure the campaign, assum he would drop his "read my lips; no new taxes" line after the election. 
 a pentagon spokesman says, "we have no specif solut for doe."th line at the nsc is, "doe has the lead on that right now." 
 hors are run to win purs and bets, not break records.th race track, where the talk is saltier than the french fries, has a stock line for everything, and "time is onli import in prison," cover that. 
 the consum product giant sought to becom a much bigger forc in the cooki business, develop a duncan hine soft cooki meant to challeng nabisco domin in the market.nabisco respond ferociously, with it own "almost home" line, and duncan hine market share end up be miniscule. 
 he has been twit his oppon for not know a dairi goat from a mountain goat.hi favorit line: "i'd like to see leo tri to milk that sucker." 
 this line has been move sharpli upward as more peopl crowd it from below.to steal a line from alan reynold of polyconomics, so mani peopl have been get rich there isn't room for them all in the top fifth. 
 here as elsewhere, mr. bush attack on gov. dukaki over such issu as crime and defens have hurt the democrat, but the poll show that the economi is one area where voter were more like to react favor to the governor as they learn more about his positions.perhap for that reason, mr. bush this week has been seek to appropri mr. dukaki own applaus line, tell support in wisconsin and michigan that "georg bush is on your side." 
 in this era of media-bashing, mr. sohmer was shrewd to make his investigator-hero an fbi agent (robert loggia) rather than, say, a washington post reporter.a for tv news, it get bash in the person of a brunette-bombshel produc (stepfani kramer) who curl her rubi lip around line like: "get me a closeup of those stiffs!" 
 it is ms. digg contention, though, that florenc was no plaster saint, and in her skill dramat the playwright illumin the mani side of this complex, driven woman.ms. digg make her point of view clear in the open line of the play, when someon come on stage recit henri wadsworth longfellow laudatori poem about the "ladi with the lamp," and anoth charact call the poem "sentiment drivel." 
 washington, mo.: anoth high school fill with teen-ag yell as he step out on a stage drape with so mani flag i thought he might wear one.whil he clear his throat to launch into his drugs, death and defens speech, reporters, a beat ahead, whisper his familiar open line: "with all this excitement, i can feel what it'll be like on elect night." 
 augusta, ga.: thomp.two motorcycles, nine car and vans, and two buse are roll resolut to the next stop, the regenc shop mall next door to a muffler shop -- and, please, we alreadi thought of the "midas him!" line. 
 it was just weird, in the sens of popular cultur find a bizarr way to express it racial ambivalence.on of the last minstrel was al jolson, describ by his biographer, pearl sieben, as a man who "need applaus the way a diabet need insulin" -- a line that might also describ michael jackson. 
 stump appear are chosen to highlight the messag visual and to look good on the night network television-new shows.snappi line are insert in the speeches, some of them test in advance, that are almost guarante to becom "sound bites." 
 soon, right on schedule, the bush messag will switch to taxes.th posit line will be that mr. bush won't rais taxes; the negat one will be that tax have gone up faster under mr. dukaki in massachusett than they have in the nation generally. 
 even with all this go for it, however, "reckless" doesn't measur up to mr. luca previous play, the excel "blue window."th playwright still show a deft hand with dialogu -- i especi like the way his off-spe line make you laugh first and wonder whi later. (for example, when lloyd ask rachel if she see her parents, she answers, "not sinc they died." 
 the confus is symbol by the differ between two former kennedi speech writer now work for mr. dukakis.theodor sorensen, the architect of "ask not . . ." and other soar john kennedi lines, recal an earlier liber of civic oblig and popular communiti goals. 
 the young michael dukaki was inspir by the parti of jack, but built his career in the parti of teddy.and this year he has borrow some of mr. sorensen lines, but more of mr. shrum message. 
 the chain quibbl with the way the ad is promot on the cover, which say "free condom inside" in promin type."spin intent may be honorable," a waldenbook offici says, "but the way the cover line is presented, it appear as though they'r use the featur of the free condom to sell the magazine." 
 and effect last july, the state start put all license-pl proceed direct into it treasuri -- instead of allow the rule parti to skim them first.th 52-year-old mr. mutz, borrow a line from ronald reagan, argu that republican "are the change." 
 "we'r just not get our return on investment," mr. bayh argues.lin like that pleas the republican who show up, sometim rather furtively, at bayh fund-raisers. (one gop attorney in fort wayn blanch visibl when a report ask him his name. 
 you knew one thing: good pitching, which the dodger had, beat good hitting, which was the a previous long suit.that line ought to go over the entranc at cooperstown. 
 a chemic spokesman said, "this transact is consist with chemic anti-apartheid south african polici in everi way."h note a line in the bank polici statement: "we have a polici against make loan to privat non-bank corpor for their oper in south africa." 
 justic liaco and abram have also object to the "good faith" except to the u.s. suprem court "exclusionari rule."in one murder case, for example, they exclud from trial evid from a search conduct by polic in good-faith relianc on a warrant issu by a magistr who, it was later noticed, had not struck through certain line on the print warrant form. 
 i becam rather fond of m, a casual self-deprec fellow play by patrick o'connell.h keep humor and horror nice in balanc for 90 minut and let the terror palpit through his lines. 
 the big institut investor aren't buy wall street line about now be a great time to jump back into the stock market with both feet. 
 as bedtim approaches, the xus sit togeth on a worn sofa and entertain their visitor by sing their favorit music, a chines opera call "marriag of a goddess."mr. xu stumbl occasion read his line and has to ask his wife for help. 
 for high british, it always, "oh, no" -- or "oew noew."sometimes, it a line from the script. 
 neat print on the wall was: "i ain't never gonna love nobodi but cornel crawford."th line stuck with her -- "so funni and dear, and who cornel anyway?" 
 all of punditri is treat lloyd bentsen crack that dan quayl is "no jack kennedy" as the best line of the campaign, but for the wrong reasons. 
 (at least the aid appreci the absurdity.th prize for best line of the night goe to bush pollster robert teeter. 
 bentsen and quayl polish their line for tonight 90-minut vice presidenti debat in omaha, neb. 
 "i don't believ it," said judith penniman, the abc producer, "we got a reader!"translation: abc anchor peter jen read the bentsen line himself, with no accompani pictur from his troop in the field. 
 it close friday at 4, down 5/8.the regina lesson may be that glow stori about compani should be read more for the one or two line of caution than for the posit comments. 
 then the women make their first major mistake.instead of lead their quarri line by line through the row of question on the registr form, they depart. 
 dukaki strategist believ that their man won the first debat but that they were outgun in the "spin patrol" claim afterward.they say their mistak was in react to the debat itself while the bush crew stuck to a prearrang line, and they vow to emul the gop tactic in next month final encounter. 
 all of these product were excel -- funny, well-acted, with good stories.yet, line after line of the dialogu was load with gratuit and explicit profanity. 
 the bank took out an ad in the time of london last week, which ran opposit excerpt from mrs. eliot edit of the letters.th ad reprint a line from a letter written in 1917: "i am get along nice in my work at the bank and i like it." 
 silence."and then the presid rememb a line he had use year before, someth about how he wouldn't make age an issu in the campaign, he wouldn't exploit his oppon youth and inexperience. 
 perfect, mr. ail told him, and the presid sudden seem to grow in self-confidence.mr. reagan use the line, and it was a zinger. 
 the rhetorician in the socialist camp have gotten so full of themselv late that some had come to doubt this point.in a much-quot line she said it would be folli to tri to fit the european countri "into some sort of identikit personality." 
 "we did consum research befor we made a price decis on good morning, vietnam and were a bit surpris to find such a high desir for ownership," say carol black, a disney video executive."som peopl were big robin william fans; other didn't get all the funni line the first time and want to view it over and over again. 
 mr. scala and his boss, mr. hohorst, who is 33 year old, both say they are too busi to read lengthi econom news stori and analyses.they reli main on the frantic financi wire services, and often they read onli the headlin -- a singl line of shorthand that appear on the veri bottom of their comput screens, in whatev space isn't taken up by a long list of currenc price quotes. 
 he knew, we knew, that the ayatollah would not live forever, and that iran is one of the most import countri in the middl east.w knew open some line to iran was in the nation interest; now that the war is wind down near everyon agrees. 
 as a young man he had turn out comic stori for cheap magazin and newspap at the rate of one a day; this work got him through medic school and kept his impoverish famili -- his parents, a sister, four brother -- aliv in their cramp moscow apartment.at the end of his life, the celebr playwright and author of 588 stori could bare write four line befor collaps in fatigu and pain. 
 mr. iron turn in a pair of bravura perform as the twins, but neither of them redeem this somber piec of work.poor geneviev bujold, the drug-snorting, authent canadian actress who come between them, is requir to say line like this, with a straight face: "i'v been bad, i need to be punished." 
 but as sure-foot as this product dramat scene are, it choral passag are lame.which is not to say that the 12 elder in the chorus can't project their lines. 
 antigon is play as a feminist, inveigh against "the law of the male sex."everi line about creon cruelti is render in the languag of the polic state, everi refer to antigon sex cloak in feminist rhetoric. 
 we didn't give john-john the award for all time, but just for 1988.take a look at the cover line again, and take comfort from it. 
 "the children come to school in plastic."on of their favorit song has the line: "it rain and rains/until the stone will break." 
 thus, when mr. dukaki went to annapoli wednesday for a statehouse-step ralli to taunt mr. bush for back out of the presidenti debat that was to have been held there, access was control by issu ticket through democrat leader for the best view area, which was rope off.th bush campaign, meanwhile, has taken to distribut case of air horn to support that can be sound whenev the vice presid deliv an applaus line so there will be a din of enthusiast cheer on televis -- and also can be use to drown out the chant of ani dukaki support who might materialize. 
 mr. bush doe sometim address substant issues, as he doe today in a well-receiv speech to san francisco conserv commonwealth club attack mr. dukaki record in manag the massachusett economy.but the speech, one of the most effect of mr. bush campaign, illustr it care style: the vice presid read it from a teleprompter, stick care to his prepar text and thus not risk ani distract ad lib like his pearl harbor day gaff of last week, or fumbl ani of the line design for televis consumption. 
 marilyn quayle, defend her husband mediocr academ record, told an interview last weekend that fdr "fail the bar exam seven times."yesterday, sen. quayl pick up the same line, say that roosevelt flunk "a number of times." 
 but then again that may be difficult.it use to take a minut on televis and one or two line in the newspap to give a weather report. 
 the new york shakespear festiv summer product of "king john" has given mani theatergo -- myself includ -- the chanc to be virgin again.it not often we get to see a shakespear play whose plot, characters, famous line and legendari interpret aren't rattl around our brain befor the curtain goe up. 
 it doesn't seem to matter if you'd been the econom advis to a presid under whom the economi failed, or are affili with a consult firm that can't come close to an accur econom forecast.with a snappi line about how mr. bush would need to reinstitut child labor, annex other countri or toler 20% inflation, you could get your lick in. 
 in my best imit of ethel merman, i sang a few chorus about be tired, and then drift into a noisi sleep on ms. raiken shoulder.sh elbow me and i awok with a start, belt out a few more off-key line about fatigu and life. 
 when he said he had left behind "thing you can't put in a suitcase," the audienc member wept unabashedly.they cheer yoli line about the yanqui and roar at the joke about "weepi argentines"; they turn this astut but modest play into an occas for a communal catharsi -- which is exact what aristotl said theater was invent to be. 
 offici here vigor dismiss ani parallel between the reform they oppos with forc in czechoslovakia and the soviet chang now be push by mr. gorbachev.despit glasnost, the new offici open about controversi topics, there were few articl in the media about sunday anniversary, and the one that were publish repeat the old offici line about "render internationalist assistance" to a grate czechoslovak people. 
 but the convent isn't seen boost senat prospects; republican have no sure pickup to offset like loss in virginia and nevada, and say they will do well to maintain the 54-46 democrat edge.candid will adopt reagan "we are the change" line to address voter desir in the poll for a new direction. 
 ms. richard had them roll in the aisl with her lacer jibe at georg bush silver foot in the mouth, etc.not to mention the best and the brightest of them -- the ginger roger line -- which brought down the house. 
 she just did it backward and in high heels.'"on woman in particular won't forget that line: the woman from whom ms. richard lift it -- tv journalist and author linda ellerbee. (it part of her lectur repertoire.) 
 ms. ellerbe also report that she spun around and warn the woman she was go to steal that.thi is, needless to say, not exact the same as appropri a line and then deliv it in tone brim of the pride of authorship -- in a keynot address.ms. ellerbe learn in advanc that ms. richard was plan to use the line, whereupon she inquir as to whether ms. richard was plan to cite the source. 
 after all, if ann richard and co. had been old-fashion enough to say, "as linda ellerbe tell us" or even "as i heard in a lectur somewhere," whi then the new york time columnist and a great mani other citizen probabl wouldn't have gone around talk about the formid wit and wisdom of ann richards.in the day follow the speech there was a certain amount of to-do about anoth line -- the famous silver-foot-in-the-mouth comment, which a washington writer claim came from his book. 
 nor is ms. richard alone.recal that walter mondal and speech writers, without bat an eye, filch and offer as mr. mondal own a line from a speech given by lane kirkland onli a day earlier: i.e., "where the beef?" (flash epigram have chang some sinc stevenson time, you'll note.) 
 recal that walter mondal and speech writers, without bat an eye, filch and offer as mr. mondal own a line from a speech given by lane kirkland onli a day earlier: i.e., "where the beef?" (flash epigram have chang some sinc stevenson time, you'll note.)among republicans, barri goldwat has the best reason to know the price you can pay for appropri lines.presidenti contend goldwat would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had onli seen fit to credit the real author of what turn out to be the most self-destruct line ever utter in a campaign speech: "i would remind you . . . extrem in the defens of liberti is no vice." 
 presidenti contend goldwat would have been a lot better off in 1964 if he had onli seen fit to credit the real author of what turn out to be the most self-destruct line ever utter in a campaign speech: "i would remind you . . . extrem in the defens of liberti is no vice."th real author, whose line sen. goldwat chang slightly, was cicero.had the senat not neglect to mention this fact, the line, needless to say, would have been treat with the respect usual accord the wisdom of the ancient rather than as the extremist froth of the candid of the lunat right. 
 but my fellow americans, this is not a crime-does-not-pay story.b caught out lift line doesn't mean there no profit in it. 
 after all, despit a few rumbl here and there, the million who heard ann richard continu to credit her as the wit who said that about ginger and fred.ms. richard seem to know it, too, for on a sunday talk show a few day after the convention, she did allow as how she had taken a line -- the silver-foot-in-the-mouth one -- from lili tomlin co-author in "sign of intellig life in the universe." (she made no mention of ginger and fred). 
 all the same, the vice presid continued, mr. dukaki repres "the fail liber ideolog of the past.""som say this isn't an elect about ideology," mr. bush said in his address to the convention, mock a line from the dukaki accept speech. 
 "it noth new," say peter teeley, an old associ and former press secretari to the vice president.h recalls, with tender sentiment, a bush line from the 1980 campaign. 
 some of these name are drop for a reason, but most are there primarili to show off mr. wilson own literari breadth.th techniqu reach a level of distract absurd when, to elucid tolstoy increas contempt for his wife, mr. wilson quot three line of a poem by philip larkin, an english librarian born 12 year after tolstoy die and who could not be more remot from yasnaya polyana in sensibl than a martian. 
 in a warm receiv speech that seem sought to distanc him from reagan administr civil-right policies, mr. bush outlin what he call a "posit civil-right agenda," and promis to have "minor men and women of excel as full-scal partners" dure his presidency.on win line from that speech: "whenev racism rear it ugli head -- howard beach, forsyth county, wherev -- we must be there to cut it off." 
 everi bell and whistl in the orchestr bag of trick is heard.sometimes, the larg cast, 13 or so depend on how you count the extra and the offstag alto voice, sing all at onc but with differ lines. 
 meanwhile, sen. domenici, a longtim backer of deficit-reduct measures, work himself into a "no tax increase" postur to help his own cause.gop strategist eddi mahe suggest bush err by delay his choic until the last minute: the convent is a stage show, and "you ought to figur out who the star are so you can write their lines." 
 indeed, his strategi seem to be not to say veri much at all about foreign policy.hi "well-received" atlant council speech in june was littl more than a routin defens of nato, while his accept speech in atlanta devot all of seven sentenc to u.s. security. (his boldest line -- that drug are more of a threat than the sandinista -- was a rewrit of jess jackson.) 
 it a bizarr idea: "leav it to beaver" with a new cast (say tom selleck and suzann somer as ward and june, and emmanuel lewi as the beaver).think of "gilligan island" as america "macbeth," a show you'd want to see again and again, with differ thespian give their own person interpret of immort line like "gee, skipper." 
 a magazin ad for lee has a graini appear and show a nighttim scene in which a blond in tight-fit jean lean against a 1950s-vintag covertible.th copi line: "place to go. 
 "we believ the yield on the long-term treasuri bond could fall below 7% in late 1989 and perhap declin signific in later years," say martin j. mauro, manag of research.but to mani analysts, the yardeni outlook end with the last line of a nurseri rhyme -- "and the dish ran away with the spoon." 
 if he look for other ideas, there are republican who might have some.sen. ted kennedi of all peopl actual stole a gop line, in atlanta, when he said democrat "are commit to the ideal that all of us can advanc togeth -- and none shall be left behind."th man who has said that for years, who call it his "good shepherd line," is jack kemp. 
 "it make us sound inferior," mr. mackenzi says, "and yet diet coke has been reformul at least as mani time as diet pepsi."cok say nbc has ask it to delet the controversi reformul line from ani futur taste-test ad and that it will compli with that request. 
 over a plate of red, white and green pasta -- the color of the italian flag -- he explain how mass-market retail fit in with these schemes.advertis on his three nation televis network could add line like "avail at the standa," to their sale pitches, he says, share the ad cost with the depart store. 
 but congressman richard gephardt of missouri, a rival for the democrat nomination, onc charg that the massachusett governor foreign polici experi was limit "to negoti with new hampshir gov. sununu over a nuclear power plant."in an otherwis strong performance, mike dukaki did littl last week to prevent georg bush from steal that line dure this campaign. 
 the gimmick?h has no voice, so he won't have to speak ani dumb lines. 
 the intent is to blur ideology, contrast the massachusett governor ethnic past and his record as an execut with mr. bush elit upbring and his recent servic in the shadow of presid reagan.each line the dukaki campaign etch into it portrait of the candid is suppos to produc a contrast with mr. bush. 
 ad for pro penn emphas they'r more durabl than regular penns.for instance, beneath a print ad featur a shot of a doghous is the line: "pro penn go to the dog 30% slower." 
 "it is time for america . . . to reassert progress valu and reinvest in it people," it says, but onli "within a strong commit to fiscal responsibility."th democrat do take a rhetor bow to the rev. jackson stump-speech line about "econom violenc against poor and work people," but they reject his propos to rais tax on "the veri richest americans" or to freez defens spending. 
 who would have guess women and wit were part of the democrat parti of 1988."georg bush was born with a silver foot in his mouth" is the onli memor line to come out of this convent so far. 
 it share of the bar-soap market slid to about 11% from 17%.it has rebound a bit to 13.5%, however, sinc the compani return to the "aren't you glad you use dial?" line a few year ago. 
 it has rebound a bit to 13.5%, however, sinc the compani return to the "aren't you glad you use dial?" line a few year ago.sara lee corp. walk away from the line "nobodi doesn't like sara lee" and experi with other jingl that never quit caught on with consumers. 
 anybodi who know anyth about polit convent know that the affair cannot truli move forward until a single, wri line from david brinkley defin it, as he has sinc the begin of time (meaning, of course, sinc the begin of television). 
 it also claim to have score a market share victori in the intensifi orang juic wars.tropicana, a unit of seagram co., brought suit against atlanta-bas coca-cola over a line use in advertis for coca-cola new minut maid premium choic orang juic that describ the pasteur product as "orang juic straight from the orange." 
 some say 70%.as the reader ponder these lines, at least three out of 10 boat peopl just set out to sea will most probabl not make landfall. 
 divid up among various member of the cast in what seem a deliber random fashion, it is use to suggest mean without ever state them.much of it is spoken by a pair of narrat (sheryl sutton and phillipp chemin), who, from a place at the side of the stage, inton their line in voic that, at onc expressionless and intimate, have less to do with explan than with ritual. 
 tropicana product inc. fire anoth volley in the orang juic wars, accus coca-cola co. food divis of fals and decept advertis in a lawsuit file in u.s. district court in new york.at issu is a line use in advertis for coca-cola new minut maid premium choic orang juic that describ the pasteur product as "orang juic straight from the orange."bradenton, fla.-bas tropicana, a unit of seagram co., claim the line violat an earlier appeal court rule in favor of atlanta-bas coca-cola against tropicana. 
 ms. keeton say her market depart design the ad, but she was the one who made the decis to sustain the suspens throughout the ad.originally, she says, the first line of the ad was, "of cours she not realli 70." 
 but she thought, "whi wast it?so i got rid of the line." 
 the "three week of stagnation," as the period between the two articl is now known in the soviet union, show perestroika for what it truli is: a parti line -- no less but no more either.a better line, to be sure, a line one can support with greater sincer than most other line -- but a line nevertheless. 
 the three week of stagnat indic how far mr. gorbachev may have to go in erad the curs of soviet and russian reformers.that curs is best express by pushkin immort close line of "bori godunov": "the peopl are silent." 
 the text are often shorten to make the book cheaper to produce, leav a skeleton of the origin story.mr. lang note that there are at least 10 heavili illustr edit of the snow white stori in which the whole tale is told in 12 pages, with onli a few line on each. 
 newspap editor onli seem cavali when they dump your favorit comic strip -- the one you'v been follow faith for 23 year -- and substitut some dumb cartoon with stupid gag line and chicken-scratch drawings. 
 it is the world lead corpor raider talking, address the crowd on finance.on almost expects, at some point, to hear that unnerv line, greed is good. 
 fight back, texaco manag have adopt a slogan: "we'v got the energy."it sound more like a line, some say, that a tv network would use to tout it fall lineup. 
 other think the texaco boast is a rather bold claim for a compani that run out of oil.in ani case, mr. icahn has his own line for texaco: "catch a fall star." 
 accord to a new studi by michael cunningham, a univers of louisvill psychologist, the magic formula is a simpl "hi," follow by someth equal innocuous, such as "what do you think of the band?"although few men realiz it, calcul clever come-on turn most women off, prof. cunningham says. (he note that when it come to women pursu men, however, just about ani open line will do-except, perhaps, "you remind me of someon i use to date.") 
 to gather this wisdom, prof. cunningham first sent oper out into the field to test a varieti of convers starter on the patron of chicago singl bars.then, in a lab setting, he gaug the reaction of 40 men and 47 women to specif lines, includ "would you like to listen to my compact disks?"particip were ask to rate one anoth accord to 13 criteria as they use the lines: did the speaker seem shrewd or naive? 
 would the speaker make a good parent or not?"peopl realli do make almost instantan judgment of a person personality" base on open lines, maintain prof. cunningham. 
 lesli thomas, a junior at pennsylvania state university, agre that a straight approach is general best."i don't think line work," she says. 
 somewhat tamer than the previous midler-disney collaborations, "big business" is still peppi enough.a citi sadie, the corpor queen, ms. midler get the most pointed, and the funniest, lines, which she deliv like the season pro she is. 
 though della femina is onli a fraction of the size of giant like young & rubicam and ogilvi & mather, mr. della femina flair has garner the agenc more than it share of headlines.mr. della femina becam a fixtur on tv news report about acquir immun defici syndrome, for example, after his agenc creat the line, "i enjoy sex, but i'm not readi to die for it," for lifestyl condoms. 
 the dukaki peopl are go to need all the help they can get.instruct is an ail line -- a bit of hyperbole, no doubt -- that mr. goodman say he will never forget. 
 mark twain got a laugh when he call rumor of his death "exaggerated."th line wouldn't have been near so good if he had simpli label them untrue. 
 shakespear famous line about kill the lawyer may have been superseded. 
 take, for example, the subject of this week discuss -- the hero adventure.in one eleg line, mr. campbel link the celtic knight, wander in the forest, to telemachus, set off to find his father, to moses, climb the mountain. 
 mr. sullivan didn't return call seek comment.ms. bruck appar ad a line stipul that femal drexel employees, as well as other women, were present, but she didn't retreat from her other statement on the subject of call girls. 
 neither the program nor the critic review mention the name of the young woman who turn the page for the piano accompanist.she, too, was superb, perform a most difficult job; there were sever passag where she had to turn the page back for a repeat of sever line of music. 
 and i can tell you that i'm an absolut nervous wreck everi time she performs.i have her practic the last two line on each page, so i can learn exact when to turn the page -- just one of the trick to this trade that i'v learn the hard way. 
 there is someth to be said for experienc shakespear view of the king who rule england between the 1390s and 1485 as a unit, watch the same actor grow from the layabout princ hal into the heroic henri v, the same actress move from the blush bride of henri vi to the embitt hag who curs richard iii.it interest to hear the line summar event of the past while they are still fresh imprint on your mind by the play you saw just a few hour before. 
 the play are not so much updat as they are de-dated; and although mr. bogdanov is clear tri to make this old news seem fresher to contemporari audiences, they nonetheless tend to snicker when they first notic the comput termin or the plastic shop bag that has crop up without warning.th fact is that audienc don't need such gimmicki "relevance" if they are given clear, care thought-out line read coincid with care plan stage movement. 
 in a follow-up show, he point to two addict and say if they tri to rob his house, "i'd blow their head off."both line get wild applaus from the audience. 
 the sec said that the debartolo have been uncooperative, and had heavili redact document that the sec requested.among the exhibit attach by the sec is one full page label "bilzerian-hammermil closing" in which all but three line were delet by the debartolo or their lawyers. 
 most of his republican colleagu are cower wimpish befor organ labor tv-ad onslaught.thi bit of demagogi featur a line about golden parachut for the boss and noth for the worker -- as if there were somewher a law mandat golden parachutes, or prohibit labor from seek whatev notif and sever procedur it want through collect bargaining. 
 she best with the minor actors, who have the best parts.ms. brennan get the funniest line. 
 everyon jump on larri speak for his confess that he put word into the mouth of presid reagan without even bother to tell him.on can certain jump on mr. speak for his appar unawar of the enorm of his transgression, at least to judg by the throwaway line in which he describ the dirti deed. 
 instead, govern offici threw up their hand and claim indirect trade was beyond their control.th new offici line is that onc taiwan product leav the island, the govern has no say over where they go. 
 nice, clean american kid will be free of this foreign impos evil.th mexican who write these line has been accus of be a gringo lover. 
 "i see no reason whi this cours should not be followed," rep. ted weiss comment predictably.consum advoc sidney wolf recit a familiar line from memory: "american famili are too import to be left to a reagan administr that seem to give defer to the drug industry." 
 last fall, befor most of it experienc player ran out of eligibility, it won three major competit in a row, lose final to texa a&m in novemb at the super bowl of meat judging, the international, held in ibp inc. meat cooler at dakota city, neb.that got illinoi some good press in trade public like meat plant magazin and drover journal, but nari a line in the daili illini, the school newspaper. 
 the page show the eleg interior of an expens car.there, just slight to the northeast of the leather-cov steer wheel, and west southwest of the burl walnut dashboard trim, are six line from the second vers of the marvel poem. 
 there, just slight to the northeast of the leather-cov steer wheel, and west southwest of the burl walnut dashboard trim, are six line from the second vers of the marvel poem.w know that these line are by none other than andrew marvel becaus the name of the poet appear at the end where the author name is customarili found in poetic quotations. 
 it is just one interpret of many."h goe on: "if, in the line from marvel the garden, the car manufactur had determin that this line is imperfect in their own view of what was necessary, then they could argu that inde they were mere perfect the poem and that marvel would see that this was a better version for this particular purpos than the one he had in fact written. 
 it certain not an unpreced condition.mani famous text have been chang in the transmiss in order to give more mean to the origin lines." 
 aileen ward, schweitzer professor of the human at new york university, also was enraged."chang the word innoc to comfort is a dread comment on the trade-off between the real inspir of marvel and the debas standard that his line are be twist to uphold." 
 but i don't realli consid it a veri grave infring of morality."al the critics, however, seem to believ that the line "transmitted" by mr. macdonald in his advertis campaign are somehow inferior to the version that appear in anthologies. 
 surely, for soviet audiences, jim is even more of an exot charact than amanda, sinc young men of 24 here tend to be frighten cynic about their prospects.moreover, jim line about power and money be the point of democraci got a huge appreci laugh here, as it is the veri stuff of mikhail gorbachev "perestroika." 
 the exchang are disjointed, quirky, vivid, fill with harold pinter paus and emot as genuin as the blacktop.and line by line, bit by bit, the charact of the cop develop (even if it is in super slow-mo, requir week of watching). 
 he even talk like the other policemen: the anc, he says, is control by communist and manipul by moscow, which want to turn south africa into a marxist state.but peter and his fellow anc defector can go beyond that standard rhetor with a line that is much more valuabl to the police: "if i would see my younger relat join the anc," he says, "i'd tell him to go back home, that he shouldn't go through the same thing i did." 
 and if you don't, larri speak will."a white hous aid (anonym of course) say the presid ad lib the speak line. 
 fan of the first season will recal a similar scene in which cliff instruct theo on the valu of a dollar by hand him a roll of play money and then take back a few bill everi time theo list anoth necess of his propos bachelor lifestyle.to compar these scene is to conclud that theo is still brash, the line are still clever, mr. cosbi can still clown his way through worthwhil parent lessons, and the show still has a drolli astut tone. 
 she was just "discovered," deliv her actor boyfriend resum to a talent agent.now she is suppos to read two lines: "i'm the new clean lady" and "i can't work here -- this place is a mess." 
 now she is suppos to read two lines: "i'm the new clean lady" and "i can't work here -- this place is a mess."unfortunately, ms. schroeder forget first one line, then the other. 
 the fabric have been around for years, but have "slip into low profile" and lost ground to minnesota mine & manufactur co. better-known scotchgard treatment, accord to cynthia gray, a du pont public specialist.du pont believ women today care less about have a spotless sofa -- the old promot line -- and more about carefre live styles, she says. 
 in earli 1987, mr. steinhardt bad lag the market.then, he bought the bull line that overvalu stock could go higher. 
 oklahoma basketbal coach billi tubb like a good straight line as well as he doe run up score on opponents, so at a press confer the day befor his team play kansa in the ncaa championship game here monday night he brighten when he was ask if he thought god might be on kansa side in the showdown to come. 
 listen to the left itself cheer.in the new republ last month, barbara ehrenreich, co-chair of the democrat socialist of america, quot approv a line that what the democrat need is "a littl class warfare." 
 speak from the chicago offic of centel lawyers, mr. fraze said his compani adopt a sharehold right plan last august that basic give the compani time to consid takeov propos and also protect against two-tier offers.borrow a line from corpor raiders, mr. fraze said: "our goal is to increas sharehold value, and we believ we have an outstand record in that regard." 
 philip reiss, an attorney for wpp, said the memo was found late tuesday in the file of sever of the depart directors.th document, which appear to be a comput printout and isn't dated, has a line at the top state it is from ed yaconetti, the former chief oper offic of lord geller, to the agenc manag committee. 
 journalist linda ellerbe recal in her book, "and so it goes," read news on televis about the collis of two jumbo jet on tenerif in the canari islands.sh write that she end the report "with a poignant line about 576 peopl whose vacat had end in death." 
 in frustration, mr. wanniski says, he and a few alli rais $10,000 on their own to buy a four-pag newspap spread in charleston, s.c., befor last saturday primary.th spread stress mr. kemp optimist vision of lower taxes, more jobs, opportun for the poor through greater choice, and "move america forward but leav no one behind," mr. kemp "good shepherd" line. 
 he also has creat two attractive, articul charact and he has been most fortun in have them brought to life by accomplish performers.a andrey, robert prosky, a consumm charact actor, has the lion share of the good line and he deliv them with easi relish. 
 when east german erect the berlin wall in 1961, the social democrat willi brandt, then berlin mayor, compar their action with the creation of a nazi-styl concentr camp.but today mani social democrat are welcom gorbachev social with a line that sounds, to american ears, as if it were written from moscow. 
 but uglif is rampant, water shortag loom and suburban traffic is gridlocked, as a crazi quilt of 42 municip govern doe littl to control growth.in the south smaller boom cities, like nashvill and charlotte, the standard line is, "we don't want to be anoth atlanta." 
 in the aftermath of his victori in the south dakota primari and the minnesota caucuses, mr. dole say the campaign might now be abl to put the "p" back."w have a whole new case of bail wire," he explains, in the kind of humor line he simpli can't resist. 
 mr. robertson is not the onli modern expon of crackpopulism; democrat jess jackson and richard gephardt have made serious bid for the crackpopulist vote as well.mr. robertson attempt to eras his past is understandable. (his latest campaign brochur contain sever line of biograph inform but doesn't mention his career as an evangelist. 
 when sir geoffrey ask me that, i said it was all there in our statement.but he ask me "what your best point?" -- he ask me that repeatedly, until i got fed up with him, and i said this is not fair, it not the sort of thing you can answer with one line. 
 the gore tactic limit mr. hart opportun to seiz the stage.though more forc than in last week iowa debate, the colorado democrat went on the defens earli when nbc newsman and debat moder john chancellor character his re-entri into the race with the old song line, "will you love me in decemb as you do in may?" 
 and of cours he could alway simpli start veto bill on explicit procedur grounds, reject those with non-german rider even if it mean close the government.it would be a much less radic act, stephen glazier observes, simpli to cross out a line of some bill and let the court decid whether a presid alreadi has a line-item veto. 
 as for "strang interlude" be more "detailed" than a soap opera, i wonder.th play is famous for have it charact speak their "thoughts" along with their line -- a devic that succeed technic in the film, due to the skill of the cast and a soundtrack filter that distinguish between their speak and "thinking" voices. 
 in a meet on how to trim fat from the budget, omb director miller down an entir two-pound bag of m&ms. . . .jokest suggest this open line for sen. biden next week when he meet neil kinnock, the british politician whose word he cribbed: "stop me if you'v heard this one." . . . 
 the job of vice president, he says, "is insid work with no heavi lifting."hi biggest line these day goe this way: "when ronald reagan want his program pass -- when he want action on his legisl -- he doesn't call george, he call bob." 
 warner also was co-author (with mark twain) of a famous book entitl "the gild age," a label later affix to a whole generation.and he wrote other memor line for which almost nobodi credit him. 
 "it time for the opposit to come out of the street and into the system," he was fond of saying.now his line is, "i tri to come into the system, but the roh administr seem to want to push me back into the streets." 
 the jerki camera, the slide in and out of focus, the jiggl and off-cent shot that onc were consid mistak now are the basi for a style.and the scene aren't shot and re-shot: even flub line are kept in. 
 it show a back view of two young women run along a beach and practic fall out of their swim suits.th copi line: "he love my mind. 
 those familiar with mr. rudolph work and the actor he frequent use will be glad to know that keith carradine, still weari and handsome, show up as hart.geneviev bujold doe an amus turn as an unscrupul art dealer who say line like "you vex me" as onli she can. 
 perhap the most memor line in modern car advertis isn't about big engin or sleek styling, but about upholstery.th line: "rich corinthian leather." 
 "we thought we'd get a lot of factori shift workers," said robert wunderle, supermarket general economist and vice presid for public affairs."th realiti is we found out that the major of shift worker were white collar" and includ transport workers, medic servic personnel, journalist and "just plain citizen that find shop at 11 or 12 at night is a lot quicker than deal with crowd and lines." 
 perhap mr. brinkley mean his stori as a sort of allegori on how the world may end in a whimper.if so, the moral lie in a line by tennyson: "to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield." 
 -- it never air a televis advertis in new hampshir that might have inocul mr. dole from an imag as a big taxer in a state where opposit to tax is almost a prerequisit for election.on reason the ad never appeared: mr. dole flub a vital line in a tape session. 
 impound weren't subject to possibl overrid by congress, so they were a far greater presidenti power than a line-item veto.presid didn't need to veto budget bills, line by line or otherwise, so long as they could impound. 
 later, he introduc "oliv stone, the academi award win writer of midnight cowboy'" -- who, in fact, had noth whatev to do with that movi and who happen to be on his celebr tour of duti in vietnam while waldo salt wrote the script.most surpris of all, but altogeth typic of the avalanch of error contain in his work, is the plot summari of "network," in which mr. christensen describ anchorman peter finch cri out those deathless lines: "i'v had enough and i'm not go to take it anymore!" 
 it weird to see a great actress thrust into the middl of a sitcom, and you keep root for her to rise abov it.from time to time there are littl flash -- a toss of the head, a hand on the hip, a line deliv with vintag hepburn sarcasm. 
 they can onli hope that his friend will defend him, and that those who might critic will heed his last request, wrench for his family, and urgent for his country.in his close line, jimmi wrote, "pleas tri to understand." 
 mr. campbell, the head of pillsburi restaur businesses, is well-known by insid for an unflatt imit of mr. stafford sit stiffli at his desk and make a point by wave his glass in a predict pattern.at a general hostil meet with secur analyst last month, ronald morrow of smith barney, harri upham & co. introduc mr. stafford by use the ricki ricardo line from the "i love lucy" televis seri of the 1950s: "lucy, you got some splain to do." 
 tommi is an arbitrager, mean that he seek to exploit small differ in the line at differ books, or a favor shift in the line over time.not long ago, for example, he found that the open line had west virginia univers favor over st. joseph univers by 8 1/2 point in basketball. 
 but in each segment there too much histori and not enough incis commentari -- especi for a program that tri to be "definitive."narr line like "comedi make us laugh" don't help the caus much. 
 "they don't brag about their kid or make you watch slide of their vacations" say the headlin of one ad, which show two coupl parti together.anoth ad featur a photo of a father and his adult son and the line, "you use to hate it when he told you what to do. 
 he been grous about the theater throughout his career.thi began in earnest in 1970, when he spoke his first line on a new york stage -- someth unprint about a tulip. 
 the suit also say the men circul sexist literature, like "the smart man creed, or whi beer is better than women."on line: "after you'v had a beer, the bottl is still worth a dime." 
 in 1985, in an "nbc night news" report, he disclos that w.r. (buster) o'brien, the unsuccess republican candid for virginia attorney general, hadn't play footbal for three profession team as mr. o'brien had contended.for that portion of the story, nbc show tape of mr. o'brien at the state prison, includ stand behind bars, with a bode voice-ov say "a politician who add a phoni line to his resum could wind up with an all-expense-paid visit to a place like this." 
 the object of mr. hendra consider rant (i stop count at 163) rang from those unlucki enough to have work with him at nation lampoon, or to have done favor for him, to those humorist guilti of what he see as insuffici artist purity, the entir republican party, "stinking-rich fundamentalist scum," the sinist institut of television, the military, the rich, assort journalist and polit commentators, the middl class and the roman cathol church.with such a startl array of enemies, one might expect author hendra, who dure the 60s did stand-up comedi routin on the ed sullivan show, among other places, to get off a few good lines. 
 a more balanc comparison rise from sir isaiah berlin modern distinct between fox and hedgehog (the european equival of our porcupines).sir isaiah base his scheme of classif on a line from the greek poet archilochus: "the fox know mani things, but the hedgehog know one big thing." 
 the pop-up "sleep beauty" illustr anoth flaw in children books: no one ever proofread them."sever year past and the princess was still asleep," read one line. 
 yesterday, both politician swap joke about their speech "that they had been store up," said toni beeton, the labor parti chief broadcast officer.som in washington had lightheart specul mr. biden would greet mr. kinnock with this line: "stop me if you'v heard this one." 
 it take a littl get use to, this tv adapt of the lengthi eugen o'neil play.th charact not onli speak their lines, they also speak their thoughts. 
 mr. cathcart say he has had "a lot of fun" at kidder, ad the crack about his be a "tool-and-di man" never bother him."it was an absolut marvel line and one i use mani times," he says. 
 it symptom includ a cold sweat at the sound of debate, clammi hand in the face of congression criticism, and faint spell when someon write the word "controversy."a one unidentifi offici clear in the late stage of the diseas told the times: "baker just felt that there were some line in the speech that could be misinterpret and seiz by the press." 
 on an offic wall of the senat intellig committe hang a quot from chairman david boren, "don't hold your ticket til the show over."h onc use that line in a closed-door meet on panama, mean don't shrink from take action against manuel noriega. 
 for the second time, in a movi call "the bear," french director jean-jacqu annaud demonstr just how power pictur can be. ("quest for fire" was the first time.) to be sure, one wonder what kind of man is this, who feel compel to tri to understand the most primit long and instinct in a way that requir the most sophist appreci of visual storytelling.supposedly, he propos the movi to his producer, claud berri, in four lines: "an orphan bear cub. 
 finally, of course, the boss give in, but he still yelling: "i find myself explain anyth to teddi kennedy, you'll be chase stolen car in anchorage."in fact, throughout "mancuso fbi," we don't get word or line -- we get speeches. 
 you'r the real crimin here . . . and what you did wasn't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity."and, at least onc a show, someon deliv the line "get off that soapbox." 
 for now, defens attorney are tight-lip about their plans.max gitter, anoth gaf defens attorney, said yesterday, "as we go in for the third time, yogi berra famous line is apt: `it deja vu all over again.'" 
 after a slick redesign, the two-year-old magazin has been relaunch this month by it parent company, keizaikai corp., the tokyo-bas compani with interest that includ financi services, book publish and a tourist agency.print in the u.s. and carri the line "the insid japan," busi tokyo octob cover stori was "the world no. 1 customer" -- japanes women. 
 rep. garcia, on trial for briberi and extortion, put statement in the congression record attribut miss vote to "schedul conflicts." . . .a gop senat fund-rais letter from sen. burn of montana is made to appear person written, and it open line is, "pleas excus my handwriting." 
 it works.mr. bartlett manag to more or less maintain molier alexandrin vers form, 12 syllabl line in rhyme couplets. 
 the new beer, introduc this week at a liquor industri convention, is import from switzerland cardin brewery.heidelberg first ad for the brand, which sibra say will compet with import light beer leader amstel light, featur the line "the best tast light beer you'v ever seen." 
 whether a cash crunch might eventu forc the compani to cut it quarter dividend, rais 36% to 75 cent a share onli a year ago, has becom a topic of intens specul on wall street sinc mr. stookey deflect dividend question in a sept. 29 meet with analysts.som view his respons -- that compani director review the dividend regular -- as noth more than the standard line from executives. 
 "an l.a. solution," explain mr. friedman.lin by line mr. friedman weari cynic can be amusing, especi when he rif on the hollywood social scheme -- the way peopl size each other up, immedi cancel the desper one who mere almost made it. 
 harri has avoid all that by live in a long island suburb with his wife, who so addict to soap opera and mysteri novel she bare seem to notic when her husband disappear for drug-seek foray into manhattan.but it doesn't take too mani line to figur harri out. 
 "when wall street turn around short after the opening, there was panic buy in paris."brok said that as the news spread that wall street was move up, trader who had call to place sell order chang their line in mid-conversation, order buy instead. 
 that issue, like racial tension in new york city, will have to cool down, not heat up, befor it can simmer.but i am suggest that they stop requir mr. mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about "care for other people" that would sound shmaltzi on the lip of miss america. 
 marubeni hope the movie, "china shadow," which will be about hong kong return to china control, will becom a box-offic success all over the world.to make intern success possible, the film is in english -- even the japanes actor deliv their line in english, whether or not they understand what they are saying. 
 his voic is hoars and his spur drag in the mud, but "georg dickel" slog through the drizzl and cold wind, brave shout his line in a stage shootout with a dastard gunfighter, archriv "jack daniel." 
 fatimata sanga, the elder woman cast as yaaba (which mean grandmother), is stringy, bald and toothless, yet she carri herself with an ether gracefulness.at a news conference, mr. ouedraogo said the script -- which is credit to him -- had to conform to ms. sanga inabl to rememb lines, or much of anyth else. 
 the u.s. custom servic provid you with enough fact to produc a balanc and fair article.th open line, "it sound incredible, even for a boondoggl like uncl sam," set the stage for the act to follow -- a play, in our view, with no substance. 
 pin to the wall of a larg recept room in the soviet embassi here, not far from a heroic portrait of the father of soviet communism himself, hung a poster herald the arriv in washington of the moscow circus.at the bottom in bold print was a line smack unequivoc of free enterprise: "brought to you by snuggle." 
 the roar of the sea and wind -- fieri meteor fli about in the air -- the prodigi glare of almost perpetu lightn -- the crash of the fall hous -- the ear-pierc shriek of the distressed, were suffici to strike astonish into angels.actually, the pen write those line was that of alexand hamilton. 
 for cbs even news, juan vasquez report that "the resid of st. croix are overjoy to see the soldier (1,100 militari polic dispatch by presid bush) from the mainland."th word "residents" is load and mr. vasquez wrap-up line were also unintent revealing: "for . . . tourist the nightmar is ending. 
 "mountain, i want to be in you.togeth we could grow wild and natur things," belinda wrote, among other, much -- steamier, lines. 
 to communic the "break-the-rules" ad series, burger king hire 10 music act -- includ paul shaffer and the world most danger band, crooner mel torm and blue singer john lee hooker -- and let them write their own song for radio spots.whil abandon the standard jingle, that part of the campaign will be tie togeth with the line, "sometim you just gotta break the rules." 
 but the mysteri behind that failur is one reason mr. hatch love junk mail so: it both mathemat precis (result of a mail can be measur to the hundredth of a percentag point) and complet unpredictable.when histor time co. was solicit customers, in a so-cal dri test, for civil war-rel product that didn't yet exist, the compani lawyer insist that the packag includ a microscop line note that the offer was conting on receiv enough orders.that line, the onli differ between the new mail and earlier ones, increas respons by 15%. 
 that line, the onli differ between the new mail and earlier ones, increas respons by 15%.from then on, the compani put the line on all it offers. 
 foreign trade play a veri small role in the u.s. economy.stori about u.s. export in this newspap would carri an apologet line explain that the subject realli was worth discuss even though export account for onli about 4% of the gross nation product. 
 as an attempt to link decadent, die weimar with l.a. pool cultur it was an astonish failur from a talent director.with the except of the energet marvelle cariaga as mrs. begbick and jonathan mack as jack, who gorg himself to death on raw meat, the cast deliv it line without emot or energy. 
 underneath the slick production, the smoki gray and blues, lurk some rather unstylish racism.a cop stori go, this one (written by craig bolotin and warren lewis) dredg up mani clich of the genr and invent mani new ones, most vulgar line spit out by michael dougla with a reason amount of fervor. 
 and japanes star ken takakura admir carri the burden of be the human japanese, the cop who join up with the visitor from new york.oh, yes, there a girl, play by kate capshaw, whose line seem to have been cut drastically, but not near as much as the back of her dresses. 
 con men and charlatan are so thick and so persist that they make camel driver at the pyramid look like swiss maitr d'.typically, the hustl begin with a line reminisc of the pickpocket in the movi "casablanca," who warn a bar patron, "this is a danger place, full of vultures" -- just as he reliev the mark of his wallet. 
 but after kodak second-quart profit plung 85% -- and shock wall street -- onli a tantrum, a vivid demonstr of how he want to cut costs, would suffice."ther no work the middl cours in wartime," mr. chandler asserted, borrow a line from winston churchill. 
 your aug. 17 editori page contain "the poem heard round the world," with richard f. barrett comment on edwin markham poem "the man with a hoe," inspir by millet painting.th theme is in these stir lines: 
 ---in regard to question concern the chang line in markham poem: my sourc was "the britannica librari of great american writing," edit by loui untermeyer. 
 not just after mcfour o'clock."th ad carri a line describ it as "a public servic message." 
 it offer bit of technic information.it show the writer teeter at the tip of the line of words. 
 it would present, by way of "a dispatch from the desk," someth more than dimwit illuminations.of these, there are mani in this book: "when you write, you lay out a line of words"; "put a book togeth is interest and exhilarating"; "how we spend our day is, of course, how we spend our lives. 
 his research, moreover, is sloppy.for instance, he pass along without comment the line that jim jacobs, the fighter late co-manager, was born wealthy. 
 want her film to have the aura of objectivity, ms. franklin-trout begin by adopt the pose of the network anchor.sh deliv open line that presuppos a reasonableness, a fairness, a balance: "tonight, we take you insid the territori to look at the realiti that led to the rebellion." 
 "the on-air promot schedul is the most aggress it ever been," say tom remiszewski, director of advertis and promot at abc sports.in the past week, the network has run a spot promot tonight kickoff, play up the 20th-season theme and featur mr. william sing the line, "are you readi for some football?" 
 "we set off littl comedi bomb that go off later," year later, he explains.so he put in line like "make my doggi day," introduc a pretenti francophil pooch and, when a dog is have puppies, slip in a joke about lamaz breathing. 
 ---you quot ford old line that the edsel was the first "all-new" car from detroit big three in 18 year and that ford spent $250 million to develop it (ford propaganda alway said a quarter of a billion -- it sound bigger that way). 
 unlik "imelda," donizetti "maria stuarda" of 1834 is a steadili inspired, brilliant theatric opera.donizetti imaginari encount between the two queens, mari stuart and elizabeth tudor, slowli heat up into an insult match that culmin with mari great line: "vil bastarda]" it need no translation, which is just as well sinc the album doesn't offer any. 
 mat wilander, the defend champion and no. 5 seed, was ambush by 91st-rank pete sampra in round two.then fourth-seed john mcenroe, tenni perenni bad boy (that english for enfant terrible), was mug by 115th-rank paul haarhuis, a player so obscur he rate nari a line in the game media guide. 
 but for the upscal retail barney new york, which is outfit comedian joan river for her new talk show this fall, the wardrob credit couldn't have come at a better time: barney is in the midst of a big expans beyond the new york area.design often get more than a line zoom by as the credit roll. 
 but for all the then-and-now charm, each stori has to be shoehorn into littl yesterday, today and tomorrow boxes.th fit is often awkward: in their search for a tomorrow to throw in, the produc give us such half-heart line as, "in a futur war, my lai could happen again." 
 he recal with amus the time he liter lock the offic door and dispatch all his market peopl to the field for three days.mr. sharer say he even plan to print up sign for himself and his subordin with novelist john le carr line: "a desk is a danger place from which to watch the world." 
 to emphas the surpris speed with which the chariot is about to be served, the ad signatur is, "the pizza you won't believa."in some ad the line is sung, opera-style. (burnett use opera sing to memor advantag in it current ad for cheer detergent.) 
 at a news conference, general electr co. nbc also describ the structur of it previous announc nationwid sweepstak that will award $2 million in cash and prize and give four peopl one-tim appear on new nbc prime-tim series."we'l see how well they can talk, but the goal is to give the winner at least one line {of dialogue}," said john miller, senior vice president, nbc entertainment. 
 "but he not a corpor animal, so this is perfect for him."mr. gordon himself produc this line to sum up: "as a career move, this is my field of dreams." 
 some contributors, however, are eager to associ themselv with the patriot and educ aspect of their participation.say mr. armour of american express, echo the line of other sponsors: "we love to be patriotic. 
 the author was edwin markham, a hitherto undistinguish poet who becam famous when bailey millard, the editor of the san francisco examiner, accept "the man with the hoe" for public in 1899 and it was immedi reprint all over the world.th poem was inspir by jean francoi millet famous paint of the same name, and it becam a prophecy, when markham end it with these lines: 
 markham die in 1940 at the age of 88."the man with the hoe" cannot be said to have had the impact of the "communist manifesto" of karl marx and friedrich engels, but it did preced the russian revolut of 1917, which seem to answer the question markham pose in the poem close lines. 
 at about the same time, sen. wallop also carri the argument person to mr. bush dure a flight aboard air forc one with the president, who was travel to yellowston park to make a speech.but mr. bush seem preoccupi with other concerns; back in washington sever day later, read a line insert in a speech by an aide, mr. bush said he look forward to mr. fisk arrival. 
 but no one has the same vacation."anoth spot line: "what club med? 
 bbdo servic the account for more than 30 years.it was there that copywrit jim jordan wrote the well-known "ring around the collar" line. 
 in north korea, the propaganda line still contain heavi dose of "anti-imperialism" and other, well-worn revolutionari themes.th line that draw the biggest cheer from the ever-ch crowd at the stadium is, "u.s. 
 "that was hilarious, that was so cruel," say chris kreski, the show 26-year-old head writer.backstage, mr. kreski struggl to come up with a "mom line," the night joke in which mr. ober is interrupt by the voic of his mother ask him to do some gross chore, such as trim her mustache. 
 