My companion enjoyed a healthy slice of the chocolate mousse cake ,  made with a HARD chocolate crust ,  topping a sponge cake with either strawberry or raspberry on the bottom . 
 `` I feel that the HARD court is my best surface overall , " Courier said .  
 Water becomes stiff and HARD as clear stone .  
 Statistics Canada said that of the hard red spring wheat remaining in the storage bins of western farmers , about 47 % was of the top grade , up from 46 % last year . 
 Lendl ,  a three-time U.S. Open champion ,  leads their series 13-10 and is 2-1 against Edberg on HARD courts this year .  
 Once thickened ,  the polenta might be enhanced with salt ,  pepper ,  a ground HARD cheese such as Asiago or Romano and seasoned with fresh herbs ,  such as chopped basil ,  sage or oregano .   
 `` Playing at the 'Stick ,  you get a lot of spike marks that stay in the dirt because the ground is so HARD . 
 Downs ,  whose annual shoulder trouble apparently was remedied with surgery last April ,  threw progressively better this spring but developed an inflamed big right toe as his foot rubbed the HARD Arizona dirt during his follow-through .  
 The advent of AstroTurf means players are moving faster and hitting a HARDER surface .   
 The crystals make the varnish extremely hard , `` probably 100 times tougher '' than varnish used on violins for the last 150 years , and explain the mystery of the old violins ' unique sheen , he says . 
 My only complaint here is that the industrial-strength roll is too HARD on the outside and too thick . 
 One sells at $1 ,695 ; the other costs $600 more for a `` hard '' disk storing 10 ,000 pages of data . 
 The 50 paintings and 60 works on paper in the show consist largely of geometric reductions of the human form -- all HARD lines and kaleidoscopic constructions . 
 Snow was hired to bring a HARDER edge and ideological spirit to Bush 's speeches as he moves toward the 1992 election . 
 Workers carefully scraped away 19 inches of HARD dirt on top of the vault of Dr. Carl Austin Weiss ,  who died in a hail of bullets along with Long in 1935 .  
 The drying period is important :  It may take as long as a month for a cutting to `` callus off , " or form a HARD ,  leathery seal -- but Long says when a fresh cutting is put in a potting medium without the callus ,  it usually rots .  
 On the day before the Lockerbie explosion ,  the two Libyans flew from Libya to Malta with a large ,  brown ,  HARD-sided Samsonite suitcase .   
 The spotlight will be on hard red winter wheat , which is primarily used for export and to make bread . 
 The Berkeley-based company said its product ,  which must be refrigerated ,  is more like mousse than candy since the truffles that have HARD chocolate shells are high in cream content and low in sugar . 
 The HARD ,  boxy edges have been rounded for a more aerodynamic appearance .  
 lumps of a very dark and HARD ferruginous sandstone , recalling a tropical laterite , can also be found with ironstained Purbeck slabs in the surrounding arable fields .   
 As Reynolds prepares to introduce Camel Ninety Nines ,  a longer-length cigarette in a HARD pack ;  continues testing Horizon ,  a brand that it promotes as having improved-aroma smoke ,  and prepares an image overhaul for its flagship Winston brand ,  it does so without publicity or public relations campaigns . 
 If the existing surface is made of wood ,  you may not have to install a HARD flooring such as ceramic tile ,  stone or vinyl over it .  
 `` it was an ordinary green Ford Consul with a HARD top - like an ordinary saloon .   
 But Carlton said the money was in a HARD cardboard box when he handed it to the aide for delivery to Noriega .  
 Shin and knee guards -- Made of HARDplastic ,  they are similar to the shin guards worn by catchers in baseball .  
 Even though we use cold ,  filtered water in our tea kettle ,  it has developed a HARD ,  cracked gray crust on the bottom during the few months we 've been here .   
 As the scar tissue grows to form a thick capsule around the implant ,  it can cause the breasts to become HARD and sometimes sore . 
 Boys will be in dark pants ,  tri-cornered hats and HARD-soled shoes .   
 Malaysia 's electronics industry is between a rock and a hard place . 
 A general rule to keep in mind is that when cooking cheese it should be done on medium unless it is a HARD cheese such as grated Parmesan or Romano . 
 Jeffrey Edelman , an analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said Penney also has done `` a very good job of placing more emphasis on profitable soft goods , while moving out of less profitable hard-goods categories such as electronics and sporting goods . '' 
 Little Boos ,  with their HARD white skin ,  are not for cooking .  
 As the name suggests ,  a green plantain has a HARD bright green skin . 
 Rub the swab at the point on the roof of the mouth where the hard surface becomes soft ,  known as the junction of the hard and soft palates . 
 They said the pasta was too HARD .  
 Perhaps FMC should knock off the tank treads and put on rubber tires ,  replace the 5 mpg engines with more efficient ones ,  replace the HARD seats with soft cushions ,  and mark down the prices a wee bit to compete with other luxury cars .  
 Not everybody minds noise as much as I do ,  but in the wooden Mountain House ,  all HARD surfaces ,  even a small crowd can rattle the windows . 
 this box sheeting was then extended up the length of the lock in the form of a 2 ft wide trench in order to drain the head of the lock , the trench being filled with HARD core over drain .   
 The intonation wavered again and again in the Stravinsky `` Apollo , " and the sound texture in the Puccini piece turned HARD and unyielding .  
 But HARD-covers always have had a few refuges . 
 Onion seeds have a HARD seed coat .  
 Good jobs have been disappearing from this hard-scrabble river town for years . 
 Becker matched Lendl 's nine aces but won this match with his more dynamic net play ,  diving and rolling on the HARD court as if frolicking on grass .  
 Its different flavor results from its firing in a HARD-seasoned-wood ,  brick oven . 
 In the slow boring of HARD boards ,  Congress and the president keep hitting bit -- breaking knots -- the deficit ,  health care and education policy ,  the environment ,  our rotting infrastructure . 
 Ragged scrubland and manicured lawns had the same bleak blanket of HARD gray crust . 
 there was no time for rejoicing , but the HARD , firm shape of the automatic sent a new confidence surging through his body .  
 She always has been attracted to contradictory impulses ,  the `` dual natures '' suggested by the exhibit 's title :  HARD vs. soft ,  feminine vs. masculine .  
 He said the blister was caused by dragging his foot on a HARD mound while pitching in Arizona . 
 I 've heard that many women spritz and spritz until even the split ends are HARD enough to cut glass .  
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  hrd pkd &equals ;  HARD packed ,  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  pwdr &equals ;  powder . 
 Most of the time the change is incremental ,  in the evocative words of Max Weber ,  `` a strong and slow boring of HARD boards. ''
 That record-breaking HARD freeze ravished tropical and Mediterranean plants in Bay Area gardens . 
 The drying period is important :  It may take as long as a month for a cutting to `` callus off , " or form a HARD ,  leathery seal -- but Long says when a fresh cutting is put in a potting medium without the callus ,  it usually rots . 
 The play equipment ,  sand and HARD surface for handicapped access cost about $160 , 000 ,  said Lincoln Fong ,  senior landscape architect for the city . 
 This time on the hard courts of the mint green National Tennis Center the match was a fitting finish to a day that featured victories by a parade of Australian Open champions -- Edberg ,  the 1985 and 1987 winner ,  Ivan Lendl the 1989 and 1990 winner ,  and Mats Wilander the 1983 ,  1984 and 1988 winner . 
 These include covering a cake with a HARD glaze of sugar and gelatin or using wood as a temporary frame for floating sculptures .  
 When collagen forms ,  women are likely to develop a fibrous `` capsule '' around the implant that becomes HARD and sometimes sore . 
 Silicon carbide 's problem is that , because it 's so hard , it 's also brittle , and thus vulnerable to impact stresses . 
 Its blond tints were as fresh and enduring as enamel , -- and quite as HARD .  
 Generally ,  a novice sandblaster can remove the old paint ,  but not without cutting into soft grain while leaving HARD grain virtually untouched .  
 The handset he had been holding clattered against something HARD ;  it had been dropped or yanked loose .   
 intimal surface of the aorta was covered with confluent, yellow-brown, HARD, friable plaques along its entire course, and there was a marked narrowing of the orifices of the large major visceral arteries.  
 On his own garage door he found that the opener reversed when it struck the HARD block but crushed a cardboard box -- a material that one assumes more closely represents people . 
 But I find that ,  when sitting with my spinal column bent at a 45-degree angle and my knees ramming into a HARD ,  knotty slab of oak ,  my attention span tends to shorten considerably .  
 `` I felt nothing but my head and shoulder blades pressing on the HARD slab beneath my back .  
 Like a chocolate Easter bunny ,  rotationally molded plastic products have a HARD skin but are hollow inside .  
 EASTER EGGS TO GO : People who don't have time to dye their own can now buy hard-boiled and pre-colored Rainbow Eggs . 
 Wednesday :  Day 4 ;  In the morning there were ice patches on the stream ,  and the ground was frozen HARD as we started our eight-mile hike to Kibo Hut .   
 Last winter 's HARD frost caused some of the new growth tips to go limp ,  but they quickly recovered .  
 Most HARD cheeses are higher in saturated fats than meat .  
 I have performed a number of operations on these types of ears ,  and I can assure you that this is extremely HARD bone . 
 Said Trevor Wilson ,  who pitched the Giants ' first eight innings :  `` Mitch is HARD as a rock ,  so I don't think it bothered him any. ''
 Age 1 to 3 :  2 to 3 servings daily ;  One serving would be 1/2 to 3/4 cup milk ( For children under 2 years of age ,  serve only whole milk ,  not low-fat or skim milk )  ,  1/2 to 3/4 cup yogurt ,  1 ounce HARD cheese ,  or 1/4 cup cottage cheese ,  pudding ,  ice milk or ice cream .  
 The interior is overly chintzy ,  with HARD and uncomfortable seats and fabric that feels cheap .  
 I liked the low-fat ( no shortening but with nuts or chocolate )  better than the no-fat ,  which I found dry and HARD . 
 instrument is shown in Fig. 1 and consists essentially of a HARD, sharp, tungsten carbide knife which is pushed along the substrate to remove the coating.  
 His game is made for HARD courts ,  but the courts here are fast ,  and there are no bad bounces .  
 Bumpers sought the moratorium because his proposal to impose a 5 percent royalty on gold ,  silver and other HARD-rock minerals mined on federal lands has been stalled for years in the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee ,  which is dominated by Westerners . 
 But both chains aggressively promote the latest mass-market hard-cover best sellers , putting them in the front of each store or along the main thoroughfare , the `` power aisle . '' 
 However , as the fifth house in that row is the House of Scientists , the occupants of which were not amenable to eviction no matter how worthy the cause , Boris Piotrovsky soon found himself between a rock and a hard place . 
 The skin is covered with HARD ,  bubblelike scales ,  and Mattson is laboriously constructing the boots one stitch at a time ,  slipping the needle of his sewing machine carefully between the scales . 
 Some say the implants make their breasts HARD and sore . 
 In field hockey ,  in which girls chase a solid ,  HARD-plastic ball with wooden sticks ,  the shin pads used meet national standards and are required to be worn at all times .  
 As they mature into adulthood ,  the grasshoppers develop a rock-HARD exoskeleton and the ability to fly the length of a football field .  
 Now an Atlanta businessman , Mr. Scherer severed all ties with the company in 1979 in a dispute with some board members , including Mr. Fink , on how to run the maker of hard- and soft-shell capsules used to hold drugs , vitamins and bath oil . 
 The rain , along with the plentiful Ogallala aquifer that is pumped for irrigation in this part of Nebraska , has left the fields of alfalfa , corn and hard red winter wheat in good shape . 
 The Soviet Union will supply 1.5 million cubic meters of timber a year , mostly hard pine , and China will provide coal , salt , electricity , oil and other materials , the news service said . 
 On a HARD surface or wood ,  the clacking of these heels is inappropriate in public places .  
 Life Savers Holes ,  a pellet version of the HARD candies ,  are being withdrawn from stores nationwide after four teen-agers swallowed or gagged on the packages ' plastic tops ,  company officials said . 
 Mr. Ohmae 's latest book , `` Beyond National Borders : Reflections on Japan and the World '' -LRB- Dow Jones-Irwin , 128 pages , $16.95 -RRB- , ably translated into English by the author and some McKinsey colleagues , sold more than 300 ,000 hard cover copies in Japan . 
 My breath , and the very ground becomes as HARD as flint .  
 Note :  Cinnamon red hots are small red candies slightly HARDER than jelly beans ,  available in the baking section of supermarkets .   
 ( box )  Sun Hong Kong Restaurant ,  91 Shattuck Square ( i.e. ,  Shattuck Avenue at Addison )  ,  Berkeley ,  ( 510 )  841-2288 ,  is a bright ,  HARD-surfaced ,  contemporary Chinese cafe that fills its two small floors of tables until 2 a.m. by selling a long and interesting menu supplemented by a separate menu of soups ,  noodle dishes and rice plates at extremely low prices .   
 Now their view is one of misery -- HARD earth blanketed with discarded water bottles and human waste ,  weary children in tattered clothes lining up for rations . 
 Sometimes tapping the pot on a HARD surface will loose the cramped plant ,  but you may have to use a screwdriver to pry it out . 
 The priest bearing the holy relic -- the referee carrying the puck ,  a rock-HARD piece of black rubber -- drops it in the face-off at center ice ,  and the contest begins .  
 So HARD-covers still have one advantage ,  after all . 
 in common with many locks of early date , no HARD floor was provided between the mass concrete lock walls , although timber baulks of substantial section were set in the earth floor to act as struts between the bases of the walls .   
 YOU'RE trapped between a net and a pack of large men ,  who are wielding wooden sticks and whacking HARD little projectiles at your head at 120 mph .  
 One of the most important is to provide a relatively HARD ,  stable surface on which to place the dining table and chairs ;  the other is to make it possible to cook the meal close at hand . 
 Ages 4 and 5 :  2 to 3 servings daily ;  One serving would be 3/4 cup milk ,  3/4 cup yogurt ,  1 1/2 ounces HARD cheese ,  or 1/2 cup cottage cheese ,  pudding ,  ice milk or ice cream . 
 K mart said that its hard goods business showed improvement during January with the biggest gains in small appliances , home electronics , sporting goods and automotive products . 
 she said, smelled pugh because people let dead fish lie on the beaches till the fish got HARD as rocks; then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup.  
 flat, HARD cap was small, but he thrust it to the back of his head.  
 I don't believe you could argue with the basic message of either book :  that somehow the HARD face of American capitalism needs to be softened ,  feminized if you will . 
 If you need a color not available on prefinished pegboard ,  paint smooth ,  unfinished pegboard with a urethane enamel for a HARD finish .   
 To his dismay , he soon discovered that the pastries were as hard as rocks . 
 Rows of metal grave markers and green spikes that serve as temporary markers sit in a 200-acre field of orange dirt as HARD as baked adobe . 
 Best of all is `` Whitman :  A Song For Occupations , " which juxtaposes loops of soft cloth tape stenciled with words such as `` house-building '' and `` glass-blowing '' spilling from a HARD-edge steel wall mounting . 
 In the offer announced April 30 , the department assured the Soviets they would n't have to pay more than $80 a ton for bread-quality hard red wheat . 
 Why corn pops ;  The pressure of that expanding steam builds up because popcorn ,  unlike sweet corn ,  has another layer of starch ,  this a HARD layer that keeps the steam inside the kernel until it can resist the pressure no more. POW !  
 `` It was autumn then and the ground was getting HARD because the nights were cold and leaves from the maples around the stadium blew across the practice fields in gusts of wind and the girls were beginning to put polo coats over their sweaters .  
 The first hard-cover printing is a healthy 150 ,000 copies , and even an abbreviated cassette version will be available . 
 blow encountered silky hair and HARD bone.  
 `` as a matter of fact a good HARD frost seems to clear the old tubes .
 With a hard bristle brush , he presses the Dutch metal onto the railing ornament , carefully working it into each groove of its acanthusleaf pattern . 
 The May 1990 issue of Consumer Reports ,  in an article rating bicycle helmets ,  took a generally negative view on HARD-shell helmets but the Bicycle Helmet Safety Institute says it believes `` the impact ratings are not based on current helmet standards .  
 To tell the truth ,  I thought marble was much HARDER. ''  
 The shelf of HARD lava ,  resting on a pile of loose rock ,  could snap off and dump them in the ocean .  
 light a feed, particularly with metal or other HARD material, causes overheating of the tool and burning of the cutting edge.  
 ( Or put a drop into a glass of cold water periodically until it instantly turns into a HARD ball. ) 
 'We 've gone from being between a rock and a HARD place to being between a dog and a hydrant.  ' ;  CLARK REDEKER ,  Alameda County Water District board member ,  on the water crisis . 
 In his first extended interview with reporters since taking over the party chairmanship ,  Yeutter displayed little of the HARD edge that characterized Atwater 's brand of politics . 
 Both transactions are installments in a sale of four million metric tons of bread-quality hard red winter wheat that the Soviets agreed to buy recently after promises of heavy subsidies under the Reagan administration 's export-enhancement program . 
 It should feel heavy and not too HARD ;  its skin should be thick and without any discolored patches ;  it should smell nice but not too strongly .  
 they may be inaccurate , the steel may be soft -LRB-  or possibly too HARD  -RRB- so that the edge either crumbles or is brittle , or they may not be robust enough for the work they have to do .   
 After the first time ,  in 1967 ,  her breasts turned HARD within months .  
 Because of this ambiguity , `` the plaintiffs are in the proverbial position of being between a rock and a hard place , '' Judge McDonald said . 
 Condominiums had been charged a higher rate than single-family homes because they usually have more HARD surfaces and thus produce more runoff .  
 Latex expands and contracts more ( than oil )  and you can run into cracking and alligatoring of the top coat ,  when you put a HARD coat ( oil )  over a soft coat ( latex )  .  
 together they had sat throwing HARD , round pebbles into the dark waters , and there was a moon that was not a full moon but was nevertheless the finest moon that Joe Joe had seen up until then .   
 The San Jacinto players , mostly from the East Coast , can't help feeling like exiles in this hard baked patch of suburban Houston . 
 Wine/food matches ;  REDS ;  ( box )  Chianti :  grilled or roasted beef or veal ,  pasta with vegetables ,  light meats or poultry ,  HARD cheeses .  
 In a six-block radius ,  there are lesbian bars with chrome-plated Harley-Davidson motorcycles parked outside ,  taco stands alongside Szechwan restaurants ,  Mexican voodoo parlors filled with ceramic figurines of the devil and bars where cappuccino-sipping beatniks share tables with hard-hat construction workers . 
 all pieces to become leather HARD before constructing shaker.  
 Downs ,  whose annual shoulder trouble apparently was remedied with surgery last April ,  threw progressively better this spring but developed an inflamed big right toe as his foot rubbed the HARD Arizona dirt during his follow-through . 
 The FDA deferred action on the company 's request for approval of the sweetener , which has the trade name Sunette in the U.S. , as an ingredient in confections including hard and soft candy . 
 The process produces a hard crystalline mass , silicon carbide , which features very strong molecular bonds and a close-knit structure , much like a diamond . 
 Two months have passed , the first broods of robins and cardinals have fledged , and the mound of authentic , old-fashioned nesting material remains directly on the ground between a rock and a hard place , getting more unsterile by the day . 
 Most all-purpose flours contain a blend of HARD and soft wheats . 
 `` When you travel in your own private yacht ,  you can afford to have HARD-sided luggage because you don't have to pick it off a conveyer belt ,  and it 's handled by your staff. ''  
 Although it 's extremely HARD and durable ,  there is n't much thickness for sanding .   
 Vernal pools occur only in the springtime and are usually found on HARD ,  claypan surfaces ,  so the water is pooled during the spring runoff . 
 `` It 's very difficult to sell women 's apparel in a store whose reputation is hard goods , '' said Monroe Greenstein , an analyst at Bear , Stearns & Co . 
 if I pushed him too far he'd give me a look out of narrowed eyes and the HARD cruel bony skull would show through that smooth face of his.  
 Its winding streets and battered storefronts appear more real than the real thing ;  if you doubt it ,  just watch visitors try to tiptoe across what they think is a sloshy ,  muddy main drag ,  actually just a HARD surface sculpted to look like mud . 
 Ms. McGlade says that `` hard goods sales should continue to hold up better than apparel , '' thanks partly to the strength in new-home sales and related furnishing purchases . 
 Mr. Clark believes firmly that the chewing of HARD foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth, raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons.  
 ( box )  Harvest squash ,  pumpkins and decorative gourds when the vines are dry and the rinds HARD .  
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  ;  hrd pkd &equals ;  HARD packed ,  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  ;  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  pwdr &equals ;  powder . 
 Some are popping buttons out of hard plastic sheets with punching machines that look as if they date from the Industrial Revolution . 
 Here are a few suggestions :  ;  ( check )  Do n't install equipment over HARD surfaces such as asphalt or concrete . 
 Third class is sitting on HARD wooden benches ;  many passengers bring hammocks to hang willy-nilly across the heads of fellow travelers ,  who do not seem terribly put out by the inconvenience .  
 `` The campaign just does n't move us , '' says Mildred Wortham , a 34-year-old mother of two who lives in the hard-scrabble Rockwell Gardens housing project , where one young mother recently died of a cocaine overdose and a 13-year-old girl was stabbed and tossed from a seventh-floor window . 
 The rear seat was thin and HARD ,  like a park bench .  
 the larger the tool and the HARDER the material, the slower the speed.  
 Scherer , which makes hard-shell and soft-shell gelatin capsules used to hold drugs , vitamins and bath oil , earned $15.1 million , or $1.38 a share , in the year ended March 31 , including a $3.7 million credit from tax-loss carry-forwards . 
 Forecasts that Hurricane Gilbert will bring rains to the hard red winter wheat planting areas of Texas , Oklahoma , Colorado , Nebraska and Kansas sparked selling in wheat . 
 Rent-a-car company founder Warren Avis found that out when he was promoting the hard-cover edition of his guide to entrepreneurship , `` Take a Chance to Be First . '' 
 Instead of suntans and souvenirs ,  the Indians brought back pieces of HARD rocks called Monterey- banded chert ,  which they made into stone knives and spear tips .  
 At the academy ,  professors still proudly show their Communist Party cards ,  at a time in Soviet history when the HARD red leather-bound documents are being burned by demonstrators . 
 Lenses sold for long-term wear come in a hard-platic case or glass vials that last the entire life of the lens . 
 De-thatch and aerate HARD-packed turf areas and apply a fertilizer to carry the lawn through winter . 
 There are the roses ,  unexpected dots of color on a neutral ground ;  and a playful mural softens the HARD line of the central corridor in the main wing . 
 She also said their HARD shoes and the squeaky pram wheels annoyed her . 
 In fine , dry weather this mode of travel was not unpleasant , when compared with the heavy vehicles of Europe and the HARD English turnpikes ; but when spring rains drew the frost from the ground the roads became nearly impassable , and in winter , when the rivers froze , a serious peril was added , for the Susquehanna or the North River at Paulus Hook must be crossed in an open boat , -- an affair of hours at best , sometimes leading to fatal accidents .  
 When the heat returns ,  the sand is baked into a HARD crust capable of supporting tanks ,  complicating any U.S. attack . 
 Yet when you come upon the stunning `` Eclat , " with its HARD chrome surface pleated into delicate bows that stretch alluringly across the wall ,  you understand her particular eye for beauty .  
 Last week 's rail journey of a retired Southern Pacific steam locomotive from South San Francisco down the Peninsula on its way to Sacramento ,  reminded me ,  fondly I want you to know ,  of trips to The City on ugly ,  soot-stained cars with HARD seats and drinking `` fountains '' filled with warm water . 
 The terrain they will have to plod through is mostly flat desert ,  with both loose and hard packed sand ,  but it rises into the Mutla ridge just north of Kuwait City ,  where any climactic tank battle would probably be waged . 
 GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Wheat-futures prices jumped on rumors that the Soviet Union plans to buy 300 ,000 tons of U.S. hard red winter wheat at $99 a ton , the highest price it has paid in two years , said Daniel Basse , a grain analyst at GNP Commodities Inc. , Chicago . 
 You 're in a real rock and a HARD place , " La Russa said . 
 The designers tried several approaches using the hard-shell mammal as an emblem including an early one sans sunglasses but with four cowboy boots . 
 `` She had this HARD edge to her ,  and I did n't like her that way. '' 
 But HARD-sided luggage ,  he says ,  is the elegant type that people carried in the 1920s and 1930s .   
 Once your tummy is HARD enough ,  they 'll stop the faucet and push on your tummy so you 'll throw up all the water. ''  
 Enter the cable-supported fabric dome , which with insulation costs an average $13 million -- still about a third less than hard shells . 
 HARD grazed his knuckles.  
 He added that the injection system also needs to be redesigned , using harder tungsten carbide materials . 
 The Dogloo is made of two sheets of HARD plastic with nitrogen bubbles in between for insulation . 
 The chickens ,  frozen HARD as stones ,  smacked many refugees on the head . 
 in a heated house , however , more water is advisable , as if the plants are kept too dry , they tend to become so HARD that the stems are slow to `` break '' in spring .   
 Scherer still makes hard shell capsules overseas . 
 `` You put a hard wax on the base of a fiberglass board for speed , " Heitmann explains as we walk across East Cliff Drive toward the stairs that lead to the ocean . 
 It 's flat-soled ,  low-heeled and has a little more comfortable fit -- like a tennis shoe with a HARD sole , " says Joe Figueroa ,  vice president of sales and marketing for the Fort Worth-based company ,  which provided all the boots in the movie . 
 The HARD freeze last December gave the peonies extra fine blooms this year .  
 Common practice now is to cultivate rot-resistant tomatoes , harvest them while they are still green and hard , and gas them to make them look red . 
 Formosan termites have HARDER mandibles ,  the better for tearing off chunks of soft metal ,  and their colonies run to the tens of millions ,  compared with the subterraneans who are content to stay in the hundreds of thousands . 
 All three varieties have what I call a good crunch factor -- crunchy enough to hold up under dunking ,  but not so HARD that you feel as if you were high tackled by Ronnie Lott . 
 `` He was n't big by today 's standards -- he was 5-11 and 185 pounds -- but he was rock HARD .  
 ( box ) As the resin beads remove the minerals ,  they slowly get saturated with `` HARD '' material . 
 `` It 's not like people did n't know that rubber gets HARD at low temperatures .  
 On the flip side ,  too much light or too much fertilizer can make a plant too compact with tight ,  HARD and brittle centers . 
 `` We 've gone from being between a rock and a HARD place to being between a dog and a hydrant , " board member Clark Redeker said . 
 Q My new 1990 Nissan HARD body pickup throws out heavy ,  black smoke in the cool mornings . 
 Good looks ,  HARD body ,  clothes ,  money ,  cars ,  possessions ,  etc. ,  don't even make the list. '' 
 cavernous depth, cluttered with antiques, echoed to her HARD heels as she walked directly to the office in the rear and took the seat at his desk.  
 The handle is a thick combination of smooth curves and HARD lines . 
 I 'll return to school as long as it 's not a crowded campus ,  I don't need a parking permit ,  have to sit in a crowded classroom in a chair made from recycled hard plastic ,  watch television ,  read a text ,  or be required to do homework . 
 If only the big cheese had strolled through the airport as I was bedding down on a HARD plastic chair for half a night ,  I could have told him a thing or two about `` friends , " old and new . 
 He had a moustache of sweat ,  a HARD ,  factory mouth ,  and blue ,  unwilling eyes . 
 `` You can serve it as an appetizer ,  entree ,  vegetable and dessert ,  use it when it 's HARD and green ,  soft and ripe ,  and at every stage in between. '' 
 Now in its 10th printing , the book has sold 155 ,000 copies in hard cover since April and has been among the 10 best-selling books in the country since June , astounding both Mr. Hirsch and his publisher , Houghton Mifflin Co . 
 `` We 're caught between a rock and a hard place where investors are concerned , trying to figure out what this trade number means , '' Mr. Greenwald said . 
 Marble cherubs ,  for example ,  and carved marble fireplaces had been attacked with HARD blunt objects . 
 Hoyas would be the plural meaning ,  `` HARD as rocks. '' 
 Despite all the efforts to sell `` Charm School , '' Mr. Hoffman concedes that so far Waldenbooks ' hard-cover sales of the book have totaled only 9 ,000. -LRB- Warner wo n't disclose overall sales but says it printed just under 100 ,000 hard-cover copies and plans 1.2 million in paperback. -RRB- 
 Older models ,  made out of a HARD ,  stiff rubber ,  provided no spring and forced the amputee to pull his artificial leg through each step with his hip . 
 Athletes learn suddenly ,  with one hamstring ,  one Achilles tendon ,  what the rest of us learn more slowly :  that the body betrays ,  and that our skulls are HARD because they protect the only part that really means anything . 
 oils develop HARD, smooth films when they dry and form resinlike substances.  
 When buying radishes ,  look for firm ,  HARD-fleshed and unblemished ones .   
 In 1986 , Bantam spent $250 ,000 for `` Showdown , '' the highest price paid for North American hard-cover rights to a foreign novelist at the time . 
 Beans are tossed about in a motion much like that of a clothes dryer and coated with sugar and coloring until their HARD ,  shiny shells develop . 
 We feel caught between a rock and a HARD place .  
 importance of a HARD, abrasion resistant knife material like the Carboloy employed in the Hesiometer immediately becomes apparent.  
 Paint ,  HARD :  Brush with hot vinegar . 
 `` Oh ,  I remember the  'strawberries ' from sliding on HARD clay with no pads . 
 `` Prior Convictions '' finds Jansson ,  once a red-diaper baby ,  now a disaffected lawyer ,  caught between a rock and a HARD place . 
 When an object was placed in the patient's hand, he had no difficulty determining whether it was warm or cold, sharp or blunt, rough or smooth, flexible, soft, or HARD; and he could tell, simply by the feel of it, whether it was made of wood, iron, cloth, rubber, and so on.  
 `` For dessert ,  you cannot improve on HARD cookies on which to sharpen your teeth or to dunk in any lingering wine . 
 The fences are a lot HARDER in Oakland than there were in Portland ,  Ore .  
 North Carolina has been a leader in the policy of retreat ,  believing it is better to let beaches move naturally than to fight the ocean with sea walls ,  jetties and other HARD structures . 
 Unlike relatively soft canvas or polyester wallpaper linings ,  veneer wall coverings are relatively HARD when applied with adhesive ;  a finger will not leave a depression . 
 But then ,  when she first sat down ,  I did n't noticed the paper bag she carried -- the bag filled with individually wrapped HARD candies ,  into which she steadily dipped her hand . 
 she would not lie relaxed and peaceful , as though she were resting , but iron HARD , as though she were still fighting .  
 Scar tissue has made his right hand brick-hard . 
 the basic rule is this : the HARDER the material and the larger the drill diameter , the slower should the speed be .   				
 a good several feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor woods, but good HARD pavement.  
 To speed the cooling process ,  you can put the ganache in the freezer ,  but you must check it to make sure it does n't become too HARD to scoop out with a teaspoon . 
 The biggest cuts were made in the AT&T PC 6300 Plus line ; the price of an entry model with a single floppy disk drive fell 38 % to $1 ,590 , and the price of the top-of-the-line model with a `` hard '' disk storing the equivalent of 20 ,000 pages of data was cut 29 % to $3 ,065 . 
 With its attention to culture and history , its concern for the state 's fragile coastal environment , and its visual layering of line-art , photographs and maps , the `` Guide '' -LRB- edited by Madge Caughman and Joanne S. Ginsberg , University of California Press , $29.95 hard-cover , $14.95 paperback -RRB- emerges as a fully realized work -- one that may be fundamentally impossible to improve upon . 
 For a HARD kernel of uncertainty chafes beneath our well-being ,  Mr. President . 
 In North America ,  the tortilla is often fried HARD . 
 Onion bulbs can't grow and expand in HARD ,  adobe soil .  
 The drought has hit durum wheat hard and other spring wheat even harder . 
 1 ounce HARD cheese ,  sliced ( Cheddar ,  Swiss or fontina )  ;  1 slice whole wheat bread ,  toasted ;  1 tablespoon salsa ;  Place cheese on top of toasted bread on microwave-proof plate .  
 The combination was supposed to make First RepublicBank Texas 's dominant financial institution ; instead , its $24.1 billion loan portfolio has withered in the state 's hard-scrabble economy . 
 cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm leather-HARD state.  
 While Roper declined to comment further on its change of heart , Mr. Sankey said that `` the board was caught between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 seeds of HARD, fibrous, stony fruits, called nuts, provide highly concentrated foods, oils, and other materials of value.  
 The list includes ANYTHING by Jacqueline Susann , plus all diet books , `` Garfield '' books , completed crossword puzzle books , any paperback unless it 's unavailable in hard cover , and selfhelp books . 
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  hrd pkd &equals ;  HARD packed ,  ;  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  ;  pwdr &equals ;  powder . 
 The unlucky man in the middle sailed into a side wall , while the ball ricocheted off the hard plastic dividers protecting the wide-eyed spectators from such craziness . 
 Enter ,  if you please ,  35 comfy little cabins in the woods -- specifically 35 little tent cabins in the Huckleberry Campground area of the Big Basin Redwoods State Park ,  just a rock and a HARD place north of Boulder Creek off Highway 9 . 
 Look for good quality imported olives ,  prosciutto and other sliced meats ,  Italian HARD and soft cheeses ,  prepared salads plus focaccia and other breads . 
 Here are some tips to help you enjoy garlic :  ;  ( check )  BUYING -- Cloves should be big ,  plump and HARD . 
 ( Most HARD-sided coolers ,  unless they are vacuum bottles ,  specify that they are not to be used for hot foods. ) 
 It 's a bold gamble in the hard-scrabble economy of Texas , but the FDIC also granted the North Carolina company substantial protection against further Texas loan losses . 
 THE BISCOTTI from my youth were lemon yellow ,  tasted mostly of anise and were as HARD as a rock . 
 The field is too far away ,  too many seats are HARD wooden planks ,  and that `` wacky ,  hilarious '' Stanford band has become unhip and boring .  
 When the second coat begins to set ( gets HARD )  ,  trowel it with a wood float ,  working in a circular motion .  
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  hrd pkd &equals ;  hard packed ,  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  pwdr &equals ;  powder . 
 `` I 'd always had a HARD edge to me ,  which was intensified by the years I spent in Vietnam , " he said .  
 I almost never buy new hard cover books because I can't afford them . 
 There 's magic -- foods that get soft when cooked ( carrots and potatoes )  ,  foods that get HARD when cooked ( eggs and cookie dough )  ,  foods that metamorphose ( cream into butter ,  egg whites into meringue )  ,  foods that shape-shift ( popcorn ,  hominy ,  tortillas and polenta )  . 
 one admires the inventive interplay of HARD , tusky forms and vulnerable belly without being in the least moved by the torture .   
 After sharing a Deep Fried Combo appetizer ( $7.95 )  ,  whose fish and shellfish were thickly breaded ,  fried HARD and almost indistinguishable ,  we were pleasantly surprised to find that `` sauteed scallops '' meant a large portion in a hot oval baking dish ,  floating in a sauce of butter ,  garlic ,  white wine and lemon ,  garnished with parsley and grilled green onions and served with mushrooms over rice ,  and that `` baked swordfish '' did not mean dried-out .  
 may be personalized on back while clay is leather HARD.  
 Its bestknown author is Erma Bombeck , whose books have sold more than 10 million copies in hard-cover and paperback . 
 ( box )  The Peppermill ,  2909 Lakeside ,  Santa Clara ,  ( 408 )  988-3282 and 10690 N. De Anza Blvd. ,  Cupertino ,  ( 408 )  996-7750 ,  looks like a '50s vision of the future :  mirrored ceiling ,  black and chrome ,  neon strip lighting ,  HARD surfaces .  
 On the left were pro-labor forces allied with the developers ,  including several HARD-hatted construction workers . 
 ( check )  No. 4 Arantxa Sanchez Vicario showed signs of hope in winning her first title of the year Saturday in Washington ,  but before that ,  she 'd never won a HARD-court tournament .  
 The ice-cream fork would seem to contradict Miss Manners ' assertion that ice cream should be eaten with a spoon ,  but -- fooled you !  -- it actually is a spoon ,  with a very rounded bowl ,  only with fork-like tines at the end for subduing brick hard ice cream . 
 On his own garage door he found that the opener reversed when it struck the HARD block but crushed a cardboard box -- a material that one assumes more closely represents people .  
 Scientists have known for years that larger bodies ,  such as the moon ,  have a soil-like surface ,  but objects as small as Gaspra were thought to have rock-HARD surfaces .   
 Surface key :  frm pkd &equals ;  firm packed ,  hrd pkd &equals ;  HARD packed ,  mch grm &equals ;  machine groomed ,  pkd pwdr &equals ;  packed powder ,  pwdr &equals ;  powder .  
 They cost an average $9 million -LRB- about half as much as hard domes -RRB- and let some sunlight in -- as much as 30 % with newer fabrics . 
 possessed no outer fortifications, no HARD shells of confidence; they had enough difficulty getting from day to day, let alone having an awful crime thrust upon them.  
 is used for making buttons and other small, HARD objects of turnery.  
 the Jisr Hajar of Faraya is an elliptical arch of HARD stone , slightly oblique but with regular abutments .   
 The San Jose Museum of Art will showcase post-minimalist Lynda Benglis ,  who made a name for herself 20 years ago with supple sculpture-painting hybrids -- metallized `` sparkle '' knots ,  covered in gold leaf ,  which defied the minimalist mandate that sculpture had to be HARD ,  geometric and rigid .  
 Pity the poor HARD-covers .  
 Some of Canada 's wheat customers rely for milling on Canada 's high-grade , high-protein , hard red spring wheat . 
 Since the former White House chief of staff published his memoirs Monday in Time magazine and in hard cover , astrologers have been exceedingly difficult to tune out , turn off or disregard . 
 ( box )  As the resin beads remove the minerals ,  they slowly get saturated with `` HARD '' material . 
 ( hbox )  ;  Some matzo balls are HARD ,  some fall apart ,  but Marcie 's mom ,  Aileen Gugenheim ,  guarantees this recipe ,  which has been handed down from generation to generation . 
 ( box )  Wait to cut asparagus ferns until they 've turned completely brown ,  usually after the first HARD frost .  
 The remainder would be so-called hard goods , which include stereos , television sets and electronic equipment . 
 Remember ,  this is a curvy road with few HARD shoulders . 
 The hulking , bald Foreman whom the folks saw fight Qawi is a different fella from the hard-muscled young champ whose place in history rests largely on two fights , one that he won and one he lost . 
 We students are learning how to take notes while standing or sitting on HARD ,  cold tile .  
 The futon is good for you ,  I insist ,  because it 's good for the back when the bed is HARD and firm . 
 A love whose flesh has been boiled off ,  a clean ,  cold ,  HARD ,  white ,  bone-like love. ''
 ( box )  The shell should be HARD when pinched . 
 Nor was it enough for slum-dwellers in Huaycan ,  outside Lima ,  where treatment is free ,  but patients must recline on HARD benches or dirty sheets and bring along their own toilet paper . 
 blisters could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work blister immediately with any HARD nonpoisonous substance.  
 did 80 miles an hour across a HARD dirt road to a cluster of shacks.  
 The HARD shells of nuts might make you think they are a good stable foodstuff ,  but the high fat content of the meat makes them susceptible to rancidity .  
 Should there be a law prohibiting HARD flooring ?  
 The spray kills germs and viruses on HARD surfaces ,  such as toilet seats ,  wash basins ,  door handles and telephones ,  its manufacturer says . 
 Decks ;  A new ,  comprehensive book on deck building is `` Decks , " by Tim Snyder ( $26.95 HARD cover ,  Rodale Press )  .  
 But Latin Americans and West Indians use bananas when HARD and green ,  when squishily soft and brown ,  and at every stage between .  
 Like amoebas ,  plasmodia can enter HARD ,  resistant resting states ,  called sclerotia ,  when conditions are bad .  
 Courier looks as comfortable on the HARD courts at the National Tennis Center as he did on the clay at Roland Garros .   
 Readers not only smell the linseed oil ,  HARD soap and tallow candles of the priory but quickly are caught up in the layers of friendships and animosities that exist among the young novices ,  forbidden `` particular affections '' with their sisters .  
 Its current centerpiece is the Star Electric Vibrator ,  a black-and-chrome device about the size and shape of a medieval mace that comes complete with carrying case ,  a variety of HARD-rubber massage heads and an instruction manual . 
 excavation of the floor of the lock followed up the completed HARD core drain in 15 ft sections , the trench sheeting being removed and a 2 ft thick mass concrete slab of 7.4 : 1 total aggregate cement ratio being emplaced to within 3 ft of each wall .   
 York also believes that double-walled ,  HARD-sided coolers like Little Igloos ,  Thermos brands and such are a good bet because the two walls are an efficient way to use air 's excellent insulation properties . 
 The palm was rough with HARD callouses ,  but it rested ever so lightly on my eyes .  
 The unsettled debt market and proposed Federal Reserve Board rules on capital have put banks between a rock and hard place . 
 Kris Bowers ,  the advertising director for Oakley ,  a company that makes the wraparound sunglasses ,  said Oakleys offer 100 percent UV protection and that they are made with polycarbonic lenses ,  a HARD ,  plastic-like material .  
 The controlled energy is marked ,  and also the use of what Yeats demanded -- `` the intellectually surprising word which is also the correct word '' :  `` warm fume , " `` a HARD ,  factory mouth , " `` big-potato-bummed man. ''
 When the surface is sand or gravel ,  the gold will settle through it over time until it comes to some barrier that stops its movement ,  such as HARD clay .  
 Oak ,  one of the HARDEST trees in California ,  is valued for its long burn in the hearth .  
 And he acknowledges the company 's inability to refinance its $1.4 billion debt from that deal `` put us between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 In the Bay Area ,  the soil is mostly HARD clay ,  and the best way to loosen up this compacted soil is to dig in huge amounts of compost ,  redwood soil conditioner or other organic soil amendments . 
 `` They 're very HARD but can have a lot of cracks and fractures ,  and sometimes pieces will break off. ''  
 Robert Joedicke , an analyst for Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc. , called the Chemical Bank agreement `` an important achievement '' for the pilots that `` puts the company 's board of directors between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 Jio said ,  looking at the men dressed in orange vests and white HARD-hats ,  `` It kind of makes you sad when you see that thing . . . but ,  progress .  
 By 1990 ,  his self-published pamphlets on the masculinity crisis had been compiled and reissued in HARD cover by a leading publisher -- and the book ,  `` Iron John , " quickly scaled the New York Times best-seller list .  
 And structural-package designers develop `` advanced microwaveable packaging '' with metallized foils that encourage crisping and `` guidance systems '' that leave ice cream rock hard while the Salisbury steak sizzles . 
 conscious of the fact that your feet hurt, that the city pavements are HARD.  
 Booz asked the judge for a stay that would have kept the baby in foster care pending the appeal ,  but she refused ,  saying the child cannot remain `` caught between a rock and a HARD place. ''
 Early , hard domes necessitated round stadiums for support -- an inconvenient shape for both baseball and football . 
 Toys between HARD covers .   
 She told of a friend who came to her two days after a physical `` and asked if I 'd look at . . . 'a HARD place ' " on the side of her breast .  
 It can absorb stains from food and tobacco ,  and it can combine with calcium and other minerals in saliva to form tartar ,  a rock-HARD coating . 
 The latest version ( GV-300 ,  $1 , 400 )  ,  about a year old ,  is the size of a hard-cover book ,  and some fear it may one day replace books . 
 To those of us who have spent years observing these animals , the general rule is that they place a flat rock on their chest against which they bang hard shelled molluscs such as clams . 
 The Avon paperback , however , has a different subtitle from the one that appeared on hard covers last April . 
 On Monday and Wednesday ,  multiple accidents caused miles- long morning backups before our HARD-hatted friends even went to work .  
 The loud music ,  bright colors and HARD ,  slick seats in a fast-food outlet ,  for example ,  are intended both to entertain and to trigger an eat-and-run response . 
 All too often ,  road-wizened artists who endure years of second-billed status and finally find late success emerge with a HARD shell of self-righteous bitterness .  
 Note :  Dragees are HARD candies used to decorate baked goods.-- -- From `` Rose 's Christmas ;  Cookies '' by Rose Levy ;  Beranbaum ( Morrow )  .   
 The bears and orangutans play with `` boomer balls , " HARD plastic spheres about the size of a volleyball filled with nuts and raisins that rattle around inside and sometimes fall out to be eagerly eaten . 
 A According to Mario Solomon ,  a graduate student at Georgetown ,  the term Hoya derives from the Greek word for `` HARD as a rock. '' 
 `` But the other brushes ,  with their HARD bristles and tiny heads ,  are only good for cleaning the small ,  white part of your teeth. ''
 If the pears are a HARD variety , you may need to pre-cook them in a little water until they are soft .  
 A cushion can help alleviate the discomfort experienced sitting on a HARD surface .  
 He 's a kind of Leo Buscaglia of the hard court , embracing his sweaty charges at every opportunity . 
 ( While they are warm ,  they will feel a bit soft ,  but when they cool they will become crisp and hard. ) 
 Barbara Perry says she has , however , thought of trying to deep-fry some -- a proposition that may strike devotees as akin to hard-boiling caviar . 
 it is made of thin , HARD yellow ware with fine red grit .   
 Units with HARD plastic sides force water to travel the length of the filter , insuring longer contact with the filter .  
 The federal government wants to lease portions of the outer continental shelf in Norton Sound ,  including 1 , 000 disputed acres ,  for HARD rock mineral recovery ,  with gold the primary target . 
 `` She did n't want a HARD edge ,  she wanted something soft and dreamy. '' 
 Beat the towel on a HARD surface to break the husks loose from the kernels .  
 `` There 's no doubt that this FASB proposal leaves us between a rock and a hard place , '' says the benefits manager for a major manufacturing company . 
 On the left were pro-labor forces allied with the developers ,  including several HARD-hatted construction workers .  
 Virtually anything with a hard surface will do to colonize . 
 That encouraged other sit-ins ,  leading to the replacement of the reception area 's comfortable sofas and overstuffed chairs with HARD wood benches . 
 `` They 're caught between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 ( check )  If the weight of a HARD-shell helmet strains your neck ,  pick a thin shell .  
 When Hideji Takemasa thinks about computers ,  he does n't imagine HARD plastic boxes squatting on desk tops . 
 GOALKEEPER ;  Face mask -- It has evolved from the Jason mask you see in horror movies to awire cage that attaches to the helmet or a high-tech ,  HARD plastic mask-helmet combination .  
 Bumpy ,  HARD-skinned ,  irregularly shaped squash typifies American fall and winter harvest food at its best .  
 True noir believers also can purchase a `` new '' -LRB- first time published in hard covers -RRB- novel by Dashiell Hammett , `` Woman in the Dark : A Novel of Dangerous Romance '' -LRB- Knopf , 76 pages , $15.95 -RRB- . 
 If necessary ,  trim it by using the straightedge and a fresh knife blade ,  or by rubbing it against fine-grit sandpaper laid flat on a HARD work surface . 
 For instance ,  I painted a planted walkway on a HARD surface to save water . 
 I don't think I have a HARD nose , " he says ,  stroking the bridge of his nose ,  `` and I love nonsense. ''
 Someday you 'll be walking through the forest in the dead of winter and you 'll stub your boot on something HARD :  A frog !  
 Now we were sleeping on a bed that was so HARD and so flat that I felt as if staked out for birds of prey in the desert . 
 Just before serving ,  crisp tortillas as above but leave HARD and flat . 
 C. Edward Acker , Pan Am 's chairman , remains caught between a rock and a hard place . 
 Before Mr. Hoffman entered the business a decade ago , a hard-cover fiction best seller sold 150 ,000 copies . 
 Replacement leads and scribes for marking metal ,  glass and other HARD materials are stored in the tape rule . 
 If you 're driving a HARD-topped car ,  stay with it .  
 Harvest all the fruit before the first HARD freeze .  
 Never let the soil dry out ,  watch for whiteflies and powdery mildew ,  feed generously with a 10 percent nitrogen fertilizer every other week ,  prop the ripening pumpkins up on boards to prevent rotting the bottom and harvest them when the rind starts getting HARD .   
 These cookies start out HARD and soften as they mature .   
 Becker matched Lendl 's nine aces ,  but won this match with his more dynamic play at the net ,  frolicking on the HARD court as if it were Wimbledon 's grass . 
 It 's all done with bean curd -- HARD and soft ,  fried and steamed and broiled and who knows what .  
 You just have to work a little harder to keep the relationship going . '' 
 They found that a way to get a pretty tomato to market was to pick HARD ,  unripe ones and gas them red .  
 The controlled energy is marked ,  and also the use of what Yeats demanded -- `` the intellectually surprising word which is also the correct word '' :  `` warm fume , " `` a HARD ,  factory mouth , " `` big-potato-bummed man. '' 
 McLaughlin recommended during the class that bikers riding down a steep ,  HARD-packed dirt hill do most of the braking with the back brake and use the front brake sparingly .  
 The Hyper Pad is a HARD-surface mousepad that contains the same heat-sensitive liquid crystals .   
 Stich ,  stretched to five sets in the third round by MaliVai Washington ,  looked so comfortable on Wimbledon 's grass but has n't adjusted to the medium-fast HARD courts at the National Tennis Center .  
 If someone is moving from a larger apartment to a smaller one , Mr. Thometz may also weed out hard-cover classics that are readily available in paperback . 
 Instead ,  tie a cushion on a HARD headboard for comfortable sitting in bed. '' 
 `` No way I'm going to miss that ,  even kicking a ball that feels like a brick on a rock-HARD field against the wind. ''  
 there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present, this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or HARD surfaces.  
 so-called vegetable ivory is the HARD endosperm of the egg-sized seed.  
 Mr. Condello once said the worst thing about the state Capitol was its HARD floors ,  the tiled ,  marble corridors and stone stairs that he trampled over each working day for a decade .  
 Remove the HARD outer shell of the acorn with a nut cracker . 
 A HARDER skin will allow the fruit to store better .  
 Since the 1950s , it has cost twice the national average to build a mile of highway through this hard-scrabble state . 
 One example :  The HARD stick of the timpanist virtually turns the opening minute into a kettle-drum concerto . 
 