the agreement was to be kept secret . pain saw no object to be paid for write in this vein , but the affair of the indiana compani had serv as a warn that his motiv might not be understood . 
 balanc of power was to assur `` stabil , secur and confidence. '' even if the report was n't exact in the languag of oper polit , it serv for 20 year as a yardstick of reason . 
 the follow are general accept , but should be check with local sourc in case there may be region variations. they serv as the most import wed anniversari theme and can be use , in mani case , as sourc of idea for gift . 
 here , he is a scaveng , comb the surround countrysid for discard bottl that can be redeem for a coupl of cent each. he has tri to cultiv the tini plot of land surround the tin shack that serv as a hous for his famili , but the land is hard and barren . 
 has n't had a garrison sinc the british took over pondicherri . serv no purpos at all to control river or sea . 
 someth import was alway just about to happen . this sort of anticip can keep an occultist come back for year , and serv as a power antidot to disillusion . 
 `` i think we should build fidalgo back just the way it was , `` he repli slowli . `` the boardwalk was put up forti year ago , and it serv our purpos all that time . 
 the french play a valuabl -- and general posit -- role in the middl east. in countri such as iraq , they can serv as a bridg to the west , and as an altern to superpow domin . 
 franki , an `` imag consult , '' meet them both after she 's hire to sell the idea of send ulyss on a space mission to the public. either becaus of the way the scientist 's part is written , or the way mr. malkovich play it , or both , dr. peter is too much of an airhead caspar milquetoast to be a plausibl villain , too insubstanti to serv as a satir vision of the `` perfect '' unemot man . 
 most psychiatrist who get govern referr are cautious men themselv , respect practitioners. now if you can provid ani instanc , ani occurr , that might serv as real evid ; but mere suspicion wo n't do . 
 the human bitch is someth els again. in mani cultur dog serv as scaveng ; and they certain lead a miserable-look exist , kick by everi pass human , half-starv and `` wolf `` everi possibl bit of food they can find . 
 it was amaz that it leak so littl , but he knew it must have a coat of galgal compos of resin and coconut oil on the bottom. suspend over the leeward side was a leeboard to serv as a keel with the wind on the quarter . 
 otherwis , to ask such question is a breach of profession courtesi and a violat of good corpor manners. what director realli do , accord to professor mace , is to give advic and counsel when ask , and , by the mere fact of their presenc , serv as a disciplin for presid and subordin manag . 
 `` it 's a tabl , and after goldilock and sue are dress they re go to have tea . `` she casual indic two doll lie patient nake on the floor while she select cloth for them from a box which serv as a doll ' wardrob . 
 public servic co. of indiana said it will issu a $ 35 million 7.6 % first mortgag bond , seri nn , due march 15 , 2012 , to princeton , ind. it said the bond serv as collater for $ 35 million of pollut control bond be issu by princeton at the same interest rate . 
 such common-sens approach have work for her before. while she was merchandis director for the miller beer brand , she redesign tavern sign , order a neon one to serv as a sort of welcom mat for bar . 
 you note that these test have attract `` littl attent from civil libertarians. '' at least the stori has serv one use purpos : our associ will make certain that attent is focus on this slander use of test . 
 that troop come to hunt us out ; as usual. you could serv as a monument to as usual . '' 
 at what was to be the interview site , the annapoli hilton , the agent rent sever rooms. one would serv as headquart , anoth held a polygraph machin that could be use ( it was n't ) and a third was for the question . 
 in addit , the uniform code of arbitr govern most secur proceed has been approv by the sec and call for panel with a major of `` public arbitr '' from outsid the industri unless the custom request otherwise. howev fair the present system may be , it will requir reform if it is to serv as the court of last resort for import feder statutori right . 
 the man play the bambolon had to make it resound long and loud befor the populac respond . it was deep night by the time the first citizen arriv to sit under the huge silk-cotton tree that serv as the `` council tree `` for the villag . 
 on trip away from home where onli water of a question puriti may be avail , the use of good bottl water is recommended. they serv as refresh drink water with a maximum assur of safeti . 
 he would watch with envi those who were save go march off to the mourner bench , and he knew without doubt that there was noth ahead for him but the etern fire of hell. sometim to flush the evil from his mind , to bring the solac of pure thought , he would tri to envis some person , someon stronger than himself , someon who might serv as a good exampl . 
 the fact that the young negro musician took absolut no part in these effort limit the import of the movement consider . still , the reviv has serv a purpos . 
 this is second . `` he put down his jacket ( jim 's jacket was still serv as home ) and held up two finger . `` 
 band leader stan kenton , then base at balboa beach in california , use the term to describ his experiment style of music . kenton 's band serv as a workshop for a number of import up-and-com jazz talent . 
 biologist howard m. temin , thirty-six , of the univers of wisconsin ( and , independ , david baltimor of m. i. t. ) shook the foundat of convent biolog think by discov a revers flow of genet inform , to dna rather than from it. temin believ that virus-lik entiti serv an import role in the earli life of an organ . 
 in part to defus critic over an expens tomb be built for the suharto famili near solo , central java , the govern in 1978 turn sukarno 's grave into a stone shrine. a balinese-styl gate serv as the entranc to a small park in the center of blitar . 
 the four local bank and one discount hous also will act as market makers. other regist dealer will serv as market maker but wo n't be abl to bid direct for new secur . 
 we shall call it theme a at it first exposit , a prime , a doubl prime , and a tripl prime in what follow . figur b , which come between the second and third exposit of a , serv mere as an episod ; actual , it come where the bridg would have if do nothin ' had preced the concerto . 
 texa commerc bancshar inc. laid out detail about the special bank it will creat to hold problem loan as a prelud to it $ 1.19 billion acquisit by chemic new york corp. in a uniqu featur of the merger that may serv as a model for the acquisit of troubl texa bank , the newli merg bank will spin off problem energi and real estat loan with a book valu of about $ 300 million into a separ bank , to be call the nation loan bank . 
 one of the world 's biggest underwat oil-storag tank has alreadi been construct and is anchor to the bottom of the persian gulf . serv as a storag and load depot for an oil field in the dubai sheikdom , the giant undersea tank weigh 15,000 ton and hold half a million barrel of oil . 
 my guid confer concern the locat of someth , i could n't make out what . then the older nod in the direct of a long , dull , dirti mass not a hundr yard away , which ( as near as i could see ) serv either as a church or a tomb . 
 it was onli as the sahara becam drier and drier that peopl who went south found it increas difficult to trade and communic with the peopl in the north . although trade rout across the desert , as well as the nile river , still serv as link between them , there was much less communic and share of idea and cultur . 
 in addit , olin has been expand into new line of business. towey say that the recent acquisit of three home-construct compani should serv as countercycl bolster to the compani 's capital-intens product line . 
 arthur gave him the prescrib dose of chloral , a strong sedat , and his patient final drop off into a deep sleep. leav a low flame in a hurrican lamp to serv as a night light , he retir to the next room . 
 noth in the california law forbid commerci use of ethnic languag in store , in the media or in ani way deem useful. howev , the law doe seem to suggest that no action for which the govern is respons should serv as a disincent to learn english ; not in the document that it issu , not in it activ nor in it attitud . 
 `` it will mean more to me now that it has been through certain adventur , `` said stafford nye . he ad , `` it has serv it purpos . `` 
 such machine-read text can be sent to distant point econom over phone lines. it can serv as comput input . 
 stalin hope , as had lenin , to spread communism throughout the world . in america his purpos was serv by the daili worker , which carri on it masthead the motto : `` all the news that fit , we print . `` 
 bihzad die at the begin of tahmasp 's reign , but the young shah inherit the royal librari with it staff of skill painter , most of them pupil and follow of the old master. among the first book they made for tahmasp was a beauti manuscript of nizami 's khamsa , contain an illustr that might serv as a pictur of the young shah and his court . 
 after sever year of pledg never to yield to terrorist , he ship arm to hate iran , in part as ransom for hostages. the problem was less the polici , which also sought to serv geopolit purpos , than the dispar between action and rhetor . 
 i notic that our compound was well maintain and close guard , and that larg camouflag screen had been built over sever structur to deceiv enemi aircraft. the modern complex would serv well as a home for my stay in port . 
 `` there , `` he said , give the bucket a whack with the palm of his hand. `` that will serv . '' 
 the simplest method of divin is by mean of omen , watch out for natur 's sign and symbol the stub of a toe , the crow of a rooster , the hoot of an owl , the sing of a cricket , the flight of bird , wreath of smoke , cloud , and so on. bird and anim and natur phenomena are good sourc of inform , not becaus they themselv know anyth but becaus they serv as guidepost to the futur . 
 `` you go into court alon to argu some realli insignific motion on a case and 30 lawyer show up for the other side , '' say daniel child , a philadelphia lawyer who is handl two smoker ' cases. rjr say the techniqu serv a differ purpos : field train for score of recruit . 
 still , the fact remain that the emerg state had been place on probat . in the event , alli guardianship serv it purpos well and the german prove apt pupil . 
 his condit remain precis the same . we had now some discuss as to the proprieti and feasibl of awaken him ; but we had littl difficulti in agre that no good purpos would be serv by so do . 
 main storag is 750-nsec core that can be expand from a minimum 16k up to 256k 18-bit word . it hold the program of the machin be control and serv as a back store for control store . 
 some leader , particular power parliament speaker ali akbar hashemi rafsanjani , clear are flirt with america. they are self-confid enough now to deal with the `` great satan , '' and seem to want at least some kind of relationship with the u.s. to acquir arm and to serv as a counterweight to the soviet colossus on iran 's northern border . 
 the superpow may be narrow their differ , but europ 's rejoic is curious muted. while it rais hope , mr. gorbachev 's propos also serv as a remind that europ remain the place where more nuclear weapon are target than anyplac els . 
 the govern further ensur domest placid by run the nation 's singl televis station , with some of the dullest program in asia , and period shut down local newspapers. still , elect time allow more freedom of express than usual , and serv a nation temperature-tak function . 
 the remain wine from the vaud and neuchatel canton usual bear the name of their villag or the grape e.g. gamay ( grape ) for the red wine made in the vaud , or dezaley , a mountain slope in the lavaux area ; the most famous of neuchatel call it rose `` oeil de perdrix `` ( partridg eye ) , a name use in some french wine districts. a complet list of the name of swiss wine would serv no purpos , even if it could be establish , for mani are made in such small quantiti that they enjoy no more than a local reput . 
 lord baltimor author the coin of shill , sixpenc , and groat , which were back by tobacco. becaus of the widespread local accept of the currenc , mani econom worri were avert ( although tobacco itself had to serv for mani year as the medium of exchang in intern trade ) . 
 they are yet anoth way congress has found to suppli money to constitu , and interfer with the proper work of trade and credit market , in way that are less obvious than some of it other activities. where it will all lead , we do n't know , but it certain would be a great thing if congress would someday start ask itself how mani activ it is subsid and what purpos the subsidi serv . 
 `` the youth hostel was attract . it serv as a recreat center for the neighborhood . 
 general food has ; inde , it has hire mani . the compani also run an in-hous media oper that serv as a kind of super-ag coordin the work of it five regular agenc . 
 two of them were built to be tow across the channel and sunk off the invas beaches. there , they would serv as shelter dock abl to receiv ship in ani kind of weather . 
 opt deliber for an aggress successor , he chose mr. kagler in earli 1983. some stock analyst and industri execut saw mr. kagler 's firebrand manner as serv a purpos for the compani and the milder mr. everingham in plan and carri out a recent restructur . 
 peopl are n't say , let 's have cold cut and warm beer. ' '' inde , some execut will to have their lunch interrupt by a report wax eloqu about the mani purpos serv by eat out on the compani . 
 the professor was refer , of cours , to chines calligraphi , yet by the same token , for the concret poet , the beauti of his work lie in it patent manifestation. william jay smith 's `` typewrit poem `` are onli tangenti to the genr , sinc they serv as illustr to the accompani vers . 
 `` it doe veri well , it seem , though i am not vers in thing nautic , `` she said , nod her head with grave approv at my steer contrivance. `` but it will serv onli when we are sail by the wind , `` i explain . 
 this is answer , in chorus 7 and 8 , by armstrong 's compar angular and frenet solo . a more extend repetit of chorus 3 serv as coda ; the equilibrium here achiev between the close homophoni of the ensembl and dodd 's wing clarinet solo is truli consummatori . 
 on the other hand , four year doe seem a bit too restrict , too protect of management. a two-year requir would probabl serv the same purpos just as well . 
 you felt a terribl burden as if someth inanim might speak or someth motionless might get up and move . you got over a conglomer of briar and bush that had serv as a fenc to the next field . 
 indian craftsmen throughout the year have indic the import of the eye of the design in a number of way sometim by leav it unwrap , sometim by use black yarn to repres the pupil , or by attach a mirror to enabl the eye of god to see better . the yarn and wood figur , then , symbol contact with the unknown , and serv as a mean of communic between man and the god or goddess it was woven to repres . 
 for exampl , by pictur human as made in the imag of the creator , judaism instruct human be that they have an oblig to imit the one in whose imag they are made : to be creativ , to be respons for chang histori by follow out the clue written into creation by it intellig creator ; to be alert to the intellig embodi by the creator within all thing ; to see all thing -- if i may use a christian phrase for a percept held in common -- as a gift of grace ; and to attend both to the respons individu and to corpor , communal institut and free associations. sinc these intellectu foundat are now the inherit of all of us , this handbook will be invalu for teacher of busi ethic today , of whatev religi or humanist framework , for it serv as an intellig guid to the longest sustain ( and concret ) tradit of think about commerci activ in the western world . 
 the plant make the vast major of amc 's jeep sport util vehicl , which have been sell at a record pace while the compani 's car sale have lagged. `` we are veri happi the issu were resolv without a strike and we hope that the discuss will serv as a basi for establish an improv labor relat climat at the toledo jeep plant , '' the compani said in a prepar statement . 
 liveright 's gossip in itself had no import . it had serv as the trigger , that was all . 
 ordinarili he wore an old coat , a shabbi waistcoat , the ugli , black , crumpl ill-ti cravat of a student , trouser to match , and resol boot . between these two person and the other , vautrin , who was forti year old , with dy whisker , serv as a transit . 
 it was sever year befor it was demonstr that mayan and chines have no more connect than have hindustani and brooklyn english. some long-forgotten chines mandarin would certain not serv as the progenitor of sandia man . 
 almost 17 year after his death , and 21 year after he was push from power , sukarno can still draw a crowd. some peopl worship his memori ; other let their admir for him serv as an indirect -- and polit safe -- express of their dissatisfact with the long-rul regim of presid suharto . 
 on their last visit to the massachusett they observ that `` littl good could be done there , `` for weston 's men were `` give as much for a quart of corn as we use to do for a beaver 's skin . `` the pilgrim had a way of repres the indian as subtl and danger whenev it serv their purpos , accord to a later rival in the beaver trade . 
 the u.s. is the leader of the allianc and the european ' secur is still depend upon that alliance. but much damag alreadi has been done , and to this extent soviet purpos alreadi have been serv . 
 and as long as there are livestock to manag , and peopl who love to ride hors , the saddler will remain a valuabl servant and friend . from the primit semiwild cattl or auroch of the neolith to the sleek beef and dairi breed of today , cattl have serv man as food anim and beast of burden for more than 5,000 year . 
 chevron spokesman larri shushan say , `` this is a sensit subject becaus peopl tend to think of corpor aircraft as onli execut aircraft , and that is n't the case. '' mr. shushan note that chevron 's total , which he put at 45 , includ 27 helicopt , with most serv as `` workhors '' aircraft get employe out to far-flung oil rig . 
 big-gam guid charley seal and his client sat quiet in the gather gray of dusk , look from behind the gnarl mass of tree root that had serv as their hide place and rifl rest . 
 tiomkin 's score doe not mere underlin each episod , it particip in the action . as director talankin intend , the music becom the focal point for the action , serv both as inner monologu and dramat confess . 
 now he stood one foot in 4 , the other on an open window sill. somebodi put deck chair against the rail to serv as step . 
 if the antiqu and persist of a belief were evid of it valid , few thing would be better attest than the exist of witches. human hand certain differ great , certain can be express ; and it may well be that they could serv as an index to person . 
 in announc the distribut , for instanc , allegi said it had been consid the move for two months. analyst wonder whi , then , the compani ever bother with the boe pact , which now could prove to be extrem expens for allegi -- especi sinc the pact onli serv as the compani 's main takeov defens for a period of about two week . 
 but negro can not be lump into ani singl cultur categori : the onli defin characterist , as we use the term in the unit state , is evid of some share of color ancestri , usual show in term of skin color , hair form , or perhap facial featur . such trait hard defin a way of life ; but they can be and are use as cast mark , serv as identif to the domin group in enforc limit on activ . 
 that 's to wrap around the cat . the towel serv two purpos : it protect you and it comfort the cat . 
 the system aim to enabl student to come to counselor confer readi to work at a higher level of decision-making. also , the system could serv as a comprehens , up-to-d educ and occup inform librari . 
 i track her through the apart as she touch thing , straighten them , move curtain to proper cover window , put a forgotten dish into the dishwasher. she was like a cat scratch at a corner to familiar herself with it to make sure it would serv as home . 
 act ii : osmin renew his attempt , as clumsi as they are vain , to win blond 's favor ; the pasha make equal vain attempt , not without threat , to win constanz 's ; pedrillo inform blond of belmont 's arriv , and render osmin harmless by pli him with wine ; belmont appear and join in a quartet at first a doubl duet in which the plan of escap is agre upon ; the men doubt the women 's constanc ; reaction of the women ; reconcili and hymn to love . act iii : heroic aria of belmont ; serenad of pedrillo , which serv as a signal that all is readi ; flight and discoveri . 
 he had run an antic cours of protest and persuas : latter he had behav like ani harass stage-husband , stalk the board in some grotesqu mask of cuckoldri , while the lover peep from the wing and wink at the huge audienc . noth he had done , he realiz now , had serv ani use purpos : no word , no appeal , no protest could ever have had an ounc of weight . 
 the system , describ by edgar a. bolten of jacquard as a `` 12-foot flow-through system , `` has a rate capac of produc 350 five-lin 45 . emboss card per hour compar to 55-60 card per hour by manual emboss . with the system , one card serv as id badg and inquiri card . 
 goldman , sach & co. retain the third-plac posit it held at the end of the third quarter. the firm serv as lead manag on 113 issu total $ 11.74 billion , for an 8.2 % market share . 
 a site will be select later this month. and the hall of fame award serv as a remind that rock did n't begin with the beatl , or even mr. presley . 
 scoot deft between the pine , an adult swallowtail carri a green snake it swoop up from the undergrowth and kill with a bite . the bird 's tail serv both as brake and rudder , scissor or twist to permit abrupt shift in speed and direct . 
 the jewelri compani said it will report a gain of about $ 2 million on the sale in the fiscal first quarter of 1988. designcraft said the build will serv it purpos better if the compani doe n't own it . 
 it has a tendenc to move about. the tear themselv serv as a secondari len , and in an eye with irregular , there will be place where the tear layer is thin and other where it is thick . 
 the u.s. and puerto rico agre to give caribbean countri increas access to low-cost u.s. capit invest in puerto rico if they exchang tax inform with washington. the pact , sign yesterday , is design to persuad some caribbean countri to stop serv as haven for individu and compani seek to avoid u.s. tax . 
 `` break-through '' tell tale of discoveri , authent account of recent product innovations. as the author declar , `` this is a book of similar human stori that serv , in a shrink world , as the adventur of our time -- the intellectu and financi expedit into the unknown that must preced everi commerci breakthrough . '' 
 this episod help to harden parti line in america , identifi the republican parti with support of the french revolut , while the federalist lean toward it enemi , england. jefferson , though person the kindliest of men , was almost pleas with the execut of loui xvi becaus he thought it would serv as an aw warn to federalist who want a king in america . 
 can anyon doubt that mani disaffect and discourag survivor are updat their resum , readi to jump at the first attract opportun that beckon ? your stori could serv as a checklist for employ and consult to use in evalu the negat feel and impress of these survivor . 
 as the conquer land came under the domin of the greek , thousand of cattl were ad to the greek herd . cattl were all-purpos anim to the greek , serv as food , for labor and as object of religi worship . 
 the heart of the new isfahan was the great squar , the maidane-shah , which thoma herbert describ as `` without doubt as spacious , as pleasant and aromat a market as ani in the univers . `` a huge rectangl , almost a third of a mile in length , the maidan serv not onli as a market but as a polo ground or an arena for wild-beast show and archeri contest . 
 but mani other survey research are distress : they say misrepresent and misus of poll are corrupt their profess , sulli it imag and make peopl leeri of surveys. profession pollster say proper survey serv a vital social purpos , gaug public concern on issu and measur consum trend . 
 these western complaint are a strang abstract exercise. turkey is a member of nato , serv as the critic import , eastern-most overland link between europ and the persian gulf . 
 he say the govern had `` taken back control of it agenda '' which , while top by free trade , includ such other potenti vote getter as tax cut and a child-car program for work parents. mr. mulroney say a u.s.-canadian accord could serv as a model for the rest of the world . 
 they were red on one side , blue on the other . the red side was expos when german aircraft were overhead ; the blue serv as camouflag if the paratroop were adrift on the water . 
 there has been much disagr among the member on the purpos and on how to run fifti book . i do n't know whi fifti was chosen as an adequ number , but it serv the purpos veri well . 
 it was obvious that georgian and classic and mediev architectur were not the right form for industry. but whether they could still be warp to serv was the question that perplex mani architect . 
 an agenc spokesman , al heier , said it grant the except becaus these crop are grown by few farmer in small area that can be close monitored. dinoseb is a herbicid that also serv as a fungicid and an insecticid . 
 materi : do n't spend too much time make this favor . the dress realli serv as a wrapper for the gift . 
 basketbal was the onli game other than basebal that my father would let me play . it was the big winter sport around waterburi , so it serv as a good outlet while i was wait for the basebal season to roll around . 
 the instructor can in this way plan his futur instruct session and stress those skill and stroke in which the class is most deficient. this will serv as an expedi method of teach most effect in the stroke and techniqu area most need by the entir class . 
 the unit of trade for the merc contract is 100 time the index value. the contract is design to serv as a hedg tool for certain compani whose busi is affect by foreign-exchang fluctuat , especi multin corpor , the cftc said . 
 provid control land on the lunar surfac . support and serv as a launch platform for the ascent stage . 
 she is an adventuress , who has fool the fessi of the democrazia cristiana and disappear with your money ... you need n't worry. she ll never be seen again ... but she can serv as a lesson to us all . 
 fernando de azevedo ( b. 1894 ) is the author of a larg and impress work , a cultura brasileira ( 1944 ) , which has been translat into english as brazilian cultur : an introduct to the studi of cultur in brazil ( 1950 ) . the first part , deal with the social and polit evolut and the psycholog of the brazilian peopl , serv as background for a discuss of art , literatur , scienc , educ , and religion . 
 it worri me and i hate it. on the other hand , perhap mrs hatfield would serv as a use catalyst ; the nasti peopl would ralli to her side and the nice peopl would have the cafe to themselv . 
 condom are a long way from perfect protect against aid transmiss , but they are much better than nothing. they act both as a barrier against the virus itself and as protect from other sexual transmit diseas , whose lesion may serv as entryway for the virus . 
 civil man has built a system of entrap wherein he continu strive for more and can not refus a challeng , howev meaningless . escal is not an evil in itself if it serv a surviv , safeti , aesthet , or humanitarian purpos . 
 saudi arabia has fewer peopl than sever other opec member , notabl iran , and a huge amount of oil. opec has surviv at all onli becaus saudi arabia has serv as a swing produc , cut output occasion to keep price up . 
 strang and beauti and terribl empir rose and fell , and pass on their knowledg to their successors. earth was not forgotten , but anoth visit would serv littl purpos . 
 the u. a. w. reach a settlement with general motor onli after a sixty-seven-day strike that cost the union treasuri more than $ 157 million ; in fact , the union had to borrow $ 30 million from g. m. itself dure the strike. woodcock claim that the u. a. w. settlement were anti-inflationari , and that they could serv as a model for the rest of industri . 
 allow to cross the mexican border , juan jose arevalo appear briefli in guatemala citi on march 31 . this , in turn , serv as the pretext for compel ydigora to give up his offic , a maneuv direct by colonel enriqu peralta azurdia , minist of defens . 
 the bodi of water becam an `` oxid pond , `` which make use of anim life , alga and benefici bacteria to reduc the troublesom nutrient , virus and harm bacteria in sewag water. such pond serv in place of sewage-treat plant for mani small communiti . 
 suffic it to say that the program caus the comput to calcul a pupil 's grade-point averag ( gpa ) , look up his high school scholast aptitud score , and then select expect from predict tabl base on local norms. expect then serv as rule for calcul the good of the pupil cours choic and for determin which messag will be convey to him from the counselor 's repertoir of statement . 
 they have work all their live to do this , and they want to do it right. '' mr. terra might serv as the archetyp . 
 imagin for a moment that you are live in the year 10,000 b. c. your home is a dank cave etch into the side of a rocki cliff . your possess are limit to a rough stone axe , a sharp bone which serv as a cut tool , and mayb some flint stone for start fire . 
 most cell contain a spheric bodi call the nucleus which often lie near the center of the unit. the cell of differ part of the bodi have a differ appear becaus they have becom modifi or special to serv differ function . 
 built in florida and test in the offshor water of that state , the deep diver has been describ as the first truli oper work submersible. not onli capabl of transport diver , tool , and equip to and from an undersea work site , deep diver can also remain at the underwat locat to serv as a rest shelter for the sea-bottom worker . 
 the countess zerkowski said : `` yes . it has serv it purpos sinc i am here aliv ... . `` sir stafford nye said noth . 
 but in cultur man , reproduct seem to be an incident or even accident consequ of sex . food behavior , similar , can general be studi in term of nutrit , and food still serv man for nutrit just as sex still serv for reproduct . 
 these problem could be solv . what purpos would be serv in humili an alreadi defeat arab peopl by reveal the plan it leader may have had for destroy civilian ? 
 this is the main build of the librari of congress , which , with 14 million book among it collect of 55 million item , is the largest librari in the world . intend princip for the use of congressmen , the librari also serv as the nation librari of the unit state . 
 wet suit made of cellular foam neoprem rubber and design to fit snugg over the whole bodi are superior and prefer to the old dri suit model . a small amount of water enter the wet suit , is quick warm by the diver 's bodi , and then serv as insul between his bodi and the surround water . 
 it tea is use as a tonic. devote boast that it can serv as a facial steam to improv the skin . 
 it can mean the univers , suprem wisdom , the highest achiev , everlast peac , ultim fulfil , or reality. becaus there is no singl translat , it can be appli to serv differ purpos and mean , such as in prayer and medit as god . 
 robert lindner ( as quot in the kronhausen ' book ) has state this posit well : `` as a psychoanalyst who has had more than a decad of experi with the emot disturb , and especi with delinqu , i am convinc of the absurd of the idea that ani form of read matter , includ so-cal comic and `` other objection book , `` can either provok delinqu or crimin behavior or instruct toward such end ... i am convinc that were all so-cal objection book and like materi to disappear from the face of the earth tomorrow this would in no way affect the statist of crime , delinqu , amor and anti-soci behavior , or person ill and distress. `` it seem to me that read , instead of lead to anti-soci behavior , is more like to serv as a harmless releas for impuls that otherwis might provok such behavior . 
 that such technolog conceptu provid an altern to newspap classifi advertis make the newspap industri a foe of unleash the babi bells. in this opposit , there is one valid concern that will bear watch and perhap some special provis : whether the babi bell , which still have a monopoli on local telephon servic , can fair serv as common carrier for competitor of their own information-servic offer . 
 ernest i. reveal iii , a minneapolis-bas lawyer who repres indian govern interest in the bhopal case , said he was `` disappoint '' by the court 's rule on the evid matter. but he said it wo n't like serv as a bar to pursuit of the case in india . 
 for as long as anyon can rememb , marseill has been the heart of the intern flow of heroin . a vener citi situat on the mediterranean , it serv as a junction of sea lane which crisscross from asia , the near east , africa , south america , the unit state and canada . 
 if the u.s. doe abrog the pact , it would probabl implement stiff dump penalti that japanes produc want to avoid. but perhap more import , japanes chip-compani execut said that reduc output may also serv a differ purpos : to reviv sag sale and order of commod chip product so japanes manufactur can avoid plant closur and layoff . 
 the new season , for art , has just begun , and it is too earli to tell what effect the improv in the stock market will have on prints. a parke-bernet auction of valuabl print on novemb 4 and 5 should serv as a bellweth . 
 i realiz , of cours , that motherhood consist of much more. still , it 's hard to wake up each morn to the same routin : chang diaper , prepar a breakfast that ultim serv as decor for the floor and wall , read `` green egg and ham '' for the millionth time , keep control and patient dure a 45-minut temper tantrum . 
 one of her topmast was erect as a flagpol on the rocki knoll behind the hous . as for her figurehead , alic william was repaint and fix immov to the red rock abov south haven , and to this day she serv as an anchor mark to incom boat . 
 the trait of hairless , for instanc : we have more bodi hair than ani other human type , which would make us backward in comparison with the more hairless melanoderm and xanthoderm . the lip form anoth human peculiar , the insid line of the mouth come outsid ( morri think this serv as a sexual signal ) . 
 the ku klux klan met in fantast cavern near springfield , mo. , and later a week country-jambore radio show was broadcast from there. cave have also serv as mushroom farm , prison , whiskey den and hous of ill reput , say gari soul , a cave historian . 
 `` the money from the hous and the insur and `` `` we ve gone through all this a thousand time and it serv no purpos now . 
 in februari , mr. kckean was critic in a general account offic report for improp use postal servic fund to pay his lawyer when he testifi at the 1984 confirm hear for attorney general edwin meese. the gao conclud that mr. mckean 's testimoni did n't serv ani offici purpos for the agenc and recommend that he repay the agenc . 
 but there is a debit side to the ledger , too . the hijack serv as a warn to the western nation that they had better take stronger step to safeguard their airplan . 
 next he got the steel trap and remov the wire from the stake to which it had been attach , then secur it to the big slab , grunt as he tilt it on edge. the rock weigh fifti pound or more and would serv adequ as a drag . 
 `` they would make a great denni 's restaur or even a kindergarten , '' he says. in fact , one mail-ord log cabin alreadi serv as a coffe hous in mito , a citi 60 mile east of tokyo . 
 `` i ll do my best , `` return the saw-hors cheer . tip grasp the end of the branch that serv as tail to the saw-hors , and call loud : `` get-up ! `` 
 with 7,200 employe , hundr of research project and an annual budget exceed $ 900 million , the consortium , bell communic research inc. , is among the nation 's largest research and engin joint ventures. known as bellcor , it serv as the seven babi bell ' version of american telephon & telegraph co. 's high respect bell laboratori research concern . 
 protest might build in the georgian mode , inde he believ they should , and even design georgian meet hous for unitarian , such as the second church in boston . but ani servic in which the communion serv as a major demonstr of theolog belief should be held in a gothic build . 
 even a minim one-piec moon-land , far less sophist than the end product , would have requir a high-thrust engin and a heavi load of propel to effect a departur from the moon , and the taxi 's overal weight would have becom prohibit . but , design reason , sinc the lunar modul was to be onli a one-tim spacecraft anyway , whi bring back to orbit all the dead weight that no longer serv a use purpos ? 
 it prove , in short , that even the most monstrous of human be is capabl of some kind of tender , and the fact that it juxtaposit to callous brutal in this particular case offend us so deepli , and make the brutal even more horrif , must not blind us to this fact . it serv as a constant remind that the human anim , when not warp by what must paradox be call the savageri of civil , is fundament endow with a great potenti for tender and intimaci . 
 he has a strang yearn for the sea now. when we are shut up indoor by the rain , the rug and armchair serv as ocean and harbor . 
 a hand have been use to collect some preliminari data and have now undergon field trials. the system rang in scope from relat simpl retriev devic which will serv as addit tool for the counselor to comprehens man-machin system design to alter drastic the institut in which they will be place . 
 the osinski famili 's apart has a small kitchen , a small bathroom and a room measur about 12 feet by 15 feet that serv as the bedroom , live room and dine room . 
 `` half an hour . `` he motion to them to sit down on a flatten log that serv as a bench and look at joaquin , jerk his thumb down the trail in the direct they had come from . 
 in the late 1950s , for exampl , general motor corp. 's cadillac featur exagger tail fin meant to deliv a power impress of aerodynam sleekness. but the fin , advertis as provid `` stabil at speed , '' serv no real purpos . 
 if the movement spread and grow to a point where it becom a matter of common knowledg , then , even for the non-enthusiast , it will exist as a constant remind that someth is wrong with the way in which we are use or , rather , not use our bodi . if it doe no more than make us awar of this , it will be serv it purpos . 
 it may interest the preston peopl to know that not all the antifreez they ship to alaska goe into light plant radiators. the permafrost ( perman year-around frozen condit of the soil ) of the north , for all it irrit to builder and plumber , doe serv a use purpos , too . 
 america has larg solv it problem of get basic food and shelter. our young peopl are now discov that the old masculin ideal doe n't serv ani purpos . 
 he stuck his head insid and crawl in up to the hump on his bodi . but this hump again serv as a brake . 
 the element burn without pollut the air at all , and pound for pound , it is a far richer sourc of energi than gasoline. extract from water by nuclear generat safe at sea , and carri to consum in convent gas line , it can serv virtual everi purpos that other fuel do , with littl convers of exist engin and burner . 
 dow is also work hard to protect the tittabawasse river , which flow lazili through the middl of the compani 's properti . over the year the river has been of great import to midland , serv as a heat sink and carrier of discard wast . 
 we continu past the kennel to a low outbuild . half of it serv as an open-front garag . 
 in their wake follow the infinit adapt british coach , often settl for life in the countri they had chosen , or which had chosen them . and in no time at all , these countri were mold the game in their own special imag ; no sport has ever serv as such an accur paradigm of nation charact . 
 they rais the same object befor the high success volunt scheme for handl oversal was introduc in 1978 , and it is now clear that the concern was without foundation. inde , the histori of the system of handl oversold airlin flight serv as a good guid to how a system for transfer ticket could work , if it depend on incent and voluntari passeng complianc . 
 amadeo wolfgango mozart ( k. 107 ) . these work serv mozart as exercis in the concerto form , with johann christian 's melodi as materi . 
 for me , poverti point stand larg in the stori of ancient north america in a way that beli it cultur 's relat limit geograph rang the lower mississippi valley . for the site appear to have serv as a depot of idea that link middl america with eastern north america . 
 the effect is clear in this line of a poem compos in iambic pentamet : `` the gaieti of languag is our seigneur `` . the abstract metric pattern , which here serv as a foil for the speech cadenc , is absent from a poem in sprung rhythm . 
 the blood of the mother and babi do not mix . the placenta serv as a fair perfect barrier between the two blood stream , and onli tini amount of the babi 's blood ever escap into the mother 's circulatori system . 
 a cold blast of wind came in from the sea , and horac sutter turn up his coat collar and head for home . he live alon , in a two-room apart that serv as his law offic as well as his live quarter . 
 most of the women wore tini aprons. t make a studi of the evolut of dress. how mani differ purpos doe cloth serv ? 
 this is sheer sophistry. the fact that japanes reactionari have not yet dispatch their troop abroad can not serv as proof of non-reviv of japanes militar . 
 we all live in tent , one class to a tent ; after sever month in use , the tent still exud a rancid odor of tar and greas melt under the broil august sun. the tent has rais wooden platform with an earthen path between them. the platform serv as our sleep quarter ; that is , each of us is given a straw mat to put on the platform , and that becom his bed . 
 from the orchard bound a deer , evict from his usual daytim bed in the willow thicket . everywher are rabbit , calm accept quarter on our hill , which serv , in noah 's absenc , for an ark . 
 the root and it branch prevent the plant from be blown over by the wind. some plant , such as the sweet potato and beet plant , have root which serv still anoth purpos . 
 that was bad enough , frank and bill thought . but the crown indign was a littl flap , like the tongu of a shoe sew on sideway , that serv as a fli at the front of the trouser . 
 it is an isol note that doe not appear to be attach to the chorus ; on the contrari , it seem quit independ of what follow . it show up at the begin of some solo , serv no appar melod purpos , as if the musician had just want to check the pitch or tone of his instrument . 
 we were survey the complet sealskin roof. `` it is clumsi , but it will serv the purpos , and that is the main thing , `` i went on , yearn for her prais . 
 we want the unit state to back up our defens , but we do n't want an american `` presenc `` . but we feel that the u.s. must follow through with it new resolv not to serv as the continu `` policeman `` for the world . 
 mr. regan told the audienc of 100 colorado busi leader that he disagre with some of the tower commiss 's conclus about how the iran-contra affair was handl by the white hous , but did n't elaborate. he said he spent more than 14 hour testifi on the controversi and conclud that the tower report `` doe serv as the benchmark and start point for other investig . '' 
 at that point , symptom of anemia may alreadi be visibl . heme and it precursor are wide distribut throughout the bodi , serv in such vital function as activ of enzym that control cell respir . 
 they were immedi arrest and execut within four day , and mani of their support suffer the same fate . if it serv no other purpos , their ingenu action , and that of other like them , was a person sacrific of vicari aton for the callous and brutal of mani of their fellow countrymen . 
 picasso 's villa at mougin , franc a villag near cann where he has live for the past ten year is especi suit to this life-style. most of the room are not so much furnish as rig to serv as make-shift studio . 
 `` i 'm a believ , '' he says. his onli concern , he say , is that an aid hospit `` could serv as an even greater magnet to san francisco . '' 
 new swarm are then built up from individu that stay behind in the homeland . the mass suicid clear serv as a final limit to popul growth . 
 do all part of your skin receiv the same sensat ? which part serv you best as organ of the sens of touch ? 
 `` there must be six at least. wood will serv well enough for the other . 
 he stumbl blind along the passag lead to his quarter . befor he could close the door of the littl cubicl that serv as a cabin , the squadron leader 's big shoulder block the open . 
 nephew and niec drop in for a meal or an overnight visit , with their pal , their banter , and their plan . the older generat often serv as a home base for the rest of the famili . 
 the suprem court has given littl mean to the ninth amendment. but sen. humphrey tri , without success , to get assur that judg kennedi share conserv ' view that the amend was n't intend to serv as a vehicl for recogn new rights. some liber say it can serv that purpos . 
 hazm con los ojo sena que en alguna ocasion los ojo sirven de lengua. make sign with your eye becaus sometim eye serv as a tongu . 
 they were enorm concret structur look like six-stori build lie on their sides. two of them were built to be tow across the channel and sunk opposit the invas beach , where they were to serv as shelter dock in which ship could unload in ani kind of weather . 
 such a criterion referenc measur base , then , is anoth key compon of the inform environ which is essenti for a system of individu education. it can serv as a diagnost tool for instruct prescript and as the basi for the period evalu of student growth . 
 the octopus produc a dark liquid . this inki liquid serv as a `` smoke screen `` and help the octopus escap it enemi . 
 in general , the american postur has been to encourag the european to get togeth , but they natur find it easier to agre about what the unit state should do than to agre on way they themselv could pick up a bigger share of the load . sometim this has serv a use purpos . 
 at the veri least , we should modifi it , perhap by give children everi year a larg number 50 or 60 of author absenc . our compulsori school attend law onc serv a human and use purpos . 
 our strang disregard of children as peopl appear in other ways. we rare notic when we see them as resourc to serv adult purpos . 
 it budget for the fiscal year end june 30 was $ 7.4 million , of which almost 80 % came from govern sources. when reform lillian wald found the henri street settlement in 1893 , financi jacob schiff cheer wrote the check that enabl her to aid the needi and buy the red-brick town hous that still serv as settlement headquart . 
 descend of farmer who migrat up the missouri river in late prehistor time , the mandan , like other settl peopl of the central great plain , built fortifi earth-lodg villag and cultiv maiz , squash , and sunflow . their settlement serv as mercantil center in the trade between white and nomad tribe of the plain . 
 they live on the land , but not by the land. the woodcock is a live refut of the theori that the util of a game bird is to serv as a target , or to pose grace on a slice of toast . 
 heretofor , all the major commerci reactor built in the u.s. were `` light-wat reactor , `` or lwr 's , with massiv steel reactor vessel enclos ten of thousand of long , thin , zircaloy tube full of uranium oxide. these tube are bath in ordinari water whose function is to serv as a `` moder `` to keep the nuclear reaction go , while extract heat and creat steam . 
 in san francisco and in des moin , iowa , similar home are in operation. they serv as a welcom base for prison just releas from prison and not yet quit readi to be on their own in the communiti . 
 `` they just assum he slipped. `` she did n't mention doc grannick 's complaint about two miss dredg and damag to his hoist ; it was circumstanti , and would serv no purpos to be nois about as specul . 
 phil and his colleagu next studi breath requir for a protect gas mask ; in four year not onli was a mask perfect , but a new devic for measur air speed into the lungs. report which went to the offic of scientif research and develop still serv as basic design criteria for gas mask equip , also for clinic studi of breath in asthma and other pulmonari diseas . 
 but the brick exterior look for all the world like a bomb-proof storeroom. the two corrug metal build serv nearbi rice univers as media center and campus museum bring to mind larg toolsh order as knockdown kit from a farmer 's catalog . 
 certain that is what it sound like to me. it is so ridicul , number one , that it sound like to me that it was someth that was invent even though it would be deni , it would still serv as a propaganda thing . 
 the same or differ messag may be direct simultan to as mani output line as desired. for a stand-alon applic , either the core memori of the minicomput or compat disc file serv as the data base . 
 stop code is programm to one or two bits. the unibus bidirect bus structur of the pdp-11 can serv as a multiplexor for ad interfac . 
 even more serious is the belief that some therapist are play it safe by refus to take on patient show a tendenc to violence. ask saleem shah , the chief of the antisoci and violent behavior branch at the nation institut of mental health : `` what societ purpos is serv when the peopl most in need of treatment are turn away ? '' 
 `` where are you go , monsieur ? `` ask the coachman , who had alreadi divest himself of his white gloves. `` come , `` thought eugen , `` sinc i am in for all this , it had better serv some purpos . 
 even more signific , they reveal to us the imag of an art still in gestat henc , regardless of what peopl may say about it , still progress an art which , at the time of loui armstrong 's hot five , was still a long way from have found the equilibrium that character true classicism. perhap a parenthet note might serv a good purpos here . 
 stuyves want to fight the accurs interlop , but his cannon were rusti , his powder old , and most of his soldier disench with the idea of fight . there was a passion scene in the upper room of kieft 's old tavern , which serv as the citi hall , but stuyves could not arous ani enthusiasm for battl . 
 it droop slight to permit it to relax and drain the water from the arm as the arm lift out of the water . bend the elbow slight as the arm is lift out of the water serv the three follow essenti purpos : first , it releas the tension of the arm flexor muscl and permit them to rest . 
 i swore then that whatev the result the new day brought , i would do what i could to abolish this ridicul and unnecessari anachron , the elector colleg . for it serv no possibl purpos except to invit the veri kind of insecur in which we were then embroil . 
 even if bp doe n't eventu rais it tender offer , the first boston evalu could enrich standard sharehold by lend credenc to a group of class-act lawsuit that accus bp of bid too littl for the company. `` the first boston $ 85 estim fell on deaf ear at bp , but it will serv as ammunit for the class-act suit alreadi file , '' said sanford margosh , an oil-industri analyst at shearson lehman brother inc . 
 primit and ancient societi drank main in group . alcohol serv as a symbol of group identif . 
 a steel sphere attach to the top of the station would be use by aquanaut for enter or leaving. two addit sphere attach to the bottom of the station would serv as observ point for studi the undersea environ . 
 both drogu and probe must be remov and stow befor the astronaut can pass from one modul to the other . to one side and below the work posit is anoth hatch , a rectangular open which serv as the doorway to the lunar surfac . 
 domest chicken reach the new world with columbus and the colonists. the poultri aboard columbus ' ship was suppos to serv as food for the seamen , but mani chicken escap and soon popul the west indi with their descend . 
 are they in good tast ? do they attempt to clarifi and illustr what the author say , to make a further point , or to serv onli as eye-catch `` come-on `` ? 6 . 
 grumman , prime contractor for the star surveil system for the air forc and armi , said boe militari airplan co. alleg that certain grumman technic direct repres chang to the requir of the subcontract between the two companies. boe militari , one of two major subcontractor on the program , has an $ 80.2 million subcontract to modifi two boe 707-type aircraft , call e-8a 's , to serv as aerial platform for the system , grumman said . 
 as it is be appli to the capsul by be inject into fiberglass honeycomb , the gummi phenolic-epoxi ablat materi has a consist somewhat like that of toothpaste. later , it harden like plaster , is machine-shav to the desir thick , and then given a high polish so that the shini surfac can serv as a reflector for track radar on earth . 
 les willi conduct us and display a few of his own paint not mani , becaus , like pro hart and other , he sell them almost befor the paint is dry. a dealer from sydney had just been round the bedroom , shed and garag that serv as studio . 
 behind the barrack are two privi , both four-seat . the door to the women 's privi is miss , but the rank growth of weed serv as a door . 
 in addit , the reagan administr is expect to propos a feder insur program for catastroph illnesses. the plan probabl will serv as a catalyst for congression action on the subject , and lawmak will struggl to enact a law that , like the administr 's , doe n't cost tax dollar . 
 `` you said i did n't have to have my tonsil out , and i 'm not go to have my tonsil out , `` she scream at the doctor . befor he could get her on the desk which serv as the oper tabl , she kick him in the stomach . 
 how can it be possibl , you wonder , to ring so mani chang on the basic design of a single-stori hous with either three or four bedroom and a sit room , kitchen and usual offic ? the answer , i suppos , is that all human finger look much alik and serv like purpos , yet we are assur that no two are ident . 
 rice take the place of money . pile up in the peopl 's store , it serv as food for the armi station in the encamp . 
 drape , it also turn into a bed and , in an affect scene , it becom the colleg green where seneca ( express sung by will roy ) philosoph to three slack-jaw bikers. more often , the tabl serv as unhappi hideout for that dreari empress octavia . 
 i realli want to becom a comedian . comedi write serv as my apprenticeship . 
 edison 's propos is n't total new -- deregul has becom the buzzword of the electr industri -- but the util 's size and clout should enhanc the idea 's impact. `` it 's definit go to serv as an inspir for other compani sit on the sidelin , '' said daniel scotto , a util analyst for l.f. rothschild , unterberg , towbin . 
 that has appar anger wal-mart , which is spend thousand of dollar to get the law repeal - so far unsuccessfully. `` we just do n't feel the law serv ani viabl purpos , '' say jim von gremp , wal-mart 's director of corpor and public affair . 
 anoth dream illustr a connect between hostil and fli is the follow : `` i am strafe by enemi plane . the enemi is unknown and the war , for me , serv no purpos . 
 some claim that this was the promis land sought by mose , other say it was the site of the garden of eden . forti mile from beirut , the road to damascus is cut by a massiv stone overpass and gateway , which serv as the border control of lebanon . 
 he anticip , in most respect , develop in america a quarter-centuri later . his reason could have serv as a model for soviet plan a hundr and forti year afterward , as also for the tennesse valley author and current project for modern of mani backward countri . 
 in arrang the disposit of one of the bank , bank of iron counti , parowan , utah , the fdic use a new techniqu in which the agenc essenti paid the institut that purchas the fail bank to take all of the loan , includ the bad ones. this should be less cost for the fdic than the agenc 's usual practic of purchas the bad loan itself , accord to fdic offici who hope the transact will serv as a model for futur bank failur . 
 white in color , it choos dark night to appear befor mountain travel , snatch their lunch basket from them and mutter sullen threat ; it also scare hors , hunt down outlaw , and work all sort of evil. the chonchon has the shape of a human head ; it ear , which are extrem larg , serv as wing for it flight on moonless night . 
 to do otherwis will just foster the spread of communism throughout latin america . it serv no use purpos certain not our to blame the communist for everyth , thus absolv ourselv from ani respons for the condit that gave them a foothold in guatemala . 
 it did n't matter much to other countri when korea contract in 1980. but in a world in which so mani economi are count on export to provid what few job they still have , whi would anyon want to risk toppl the onli economi that seem strong enough to be will and abl to serv as a net import ? 
 how were clan form in tradit africa ? what purpos did they serv ? 
 american express 's chairman , jame d. robinson iii , and other compani execut have long express frustrat at the stock price , analyst said. but a partial sale of shearson could serv other strateg purpos as well : a sale of share to the public or to anoth compani would pump addit capit into shearson . 
 would anyon know where i was ? it might be best if i could lie here undisturb long enough to grow a beard that might serv as a disguis . 
 agreement even on relat trivial matter , such as common safeti standard for forklift or children 's toy , take years. so mani tedious council of minist meet end without real progress on major issu that report joke that there is one open line that serv for 90 % of their stori . 
 `` this veri short notic seem intend to surpris us , `` he observ . at noon on januari 11 , 1774 , franklin walk to the cockpit , a section of whitehal palac which had actual serv as an arena for fight cock in the day of henri viii . 
 `` it 's import to stress that these are recommend , not essenti , subject . in a sens , masteri of these cours at high school , higher technic school , armed-forc school , or colleg level serv as your insur for a career in field engin . 
 this was enough to put a real dent in the holiday cheer. but it did serv as a remind that most of the iran-scand talk around here about negoti for hostag is egregi shallow . 
 this may be a danger signal of overwork or an indic of the presenc of an infect . the weight chart , therefor , serv as a guid for the coach in prescrib the amount of work for each individu swimmer . 
 you each sat on a bundl of newspap . they serv as cushion of a kind . 
 `` fuch stuf the tenni ball into his overcoat pocket . it had serv it purpos . 
 for more than a decad , the soviet steadili have expand their convent forc in the far east , develop an oversea militari presenc in vietnam and north korea , and upgrad signific their nuclear arsenal with ss-20 intermediate-rang missil , backfir bomber and ballistic-missil submarines. in the event of a global conflict , moscow 's current militari strategi would serv two purpos : first , the effect immobil of america 's pacif forc ; second , guarante access to the open ocean for the enorm soviet pacif fleet . 
 one set was fix in the base of a tabl lamp. anoth maker display a window shade within which flexibl wire had been woven to serv as an antenna to `` intercept `` radio signal . 
 `` anoth report , `` the guard even show us two kind of cartridg one live , one blank and told us how to tell the differ by weight so that nobodi could mistak one for the other . `` a major attract was the footbal field at a high school adjac to the univers , which now serv as a land strip for the guard ' helicopt . 
 in fact , kim dae jung believ the govern is talk open about the prospect of confront with protest in order to creat a climat of fear in the country. such fear could serv two purpos : provid a pretext for a militari crackdown or , short of that , encourag korean to vote for the rule parti candid as a step toward stabil . 
 disney declin to give the cost of the new entertain area. michael d. eisner , disney 's chairman and chief execut offic , said typhoon lagoon will also serv as the set for a plan disney movi of the same name and as an addit backlot shoot locat for the disney/mgm studio alreadi under construct . 
 in the case of some of these instrument for exampl , the persian kemangeh the bow was not pass over the string , but just press against them , while the note were produc by move the instrument . in other case , a skin-cov drum serv as the bodi of the instrument : the persian rebab , for exampl , had a singl string made of hair , and a peg . 
 among export-l electr , soni , which rose 170 to 5,090 tuesday , fell 40 to 5,050. the issu has serv as a key sentiment indic for the market sinc the octob crash , but rumor wednesday held that a larg japanes brokerag hous is switch it emphasi to the steel and heavi industri sector on feel soni had temporarili peak . 
 how doe he go about let the rest of the world know about it ? perhap a recount of how i got my start will serv as an exampl to other who would like to travel the same path . 
 a stern or serious appear would be appropri at the scene of an automobil accid , but inappropri at a christma parti . the blind individu should practic differ facial express while the sight instructor serv as his mirror , give him accur feedback until the blind person is abl to produc differ facial express accur . 
 in earlier year , some were simpli decor , such as the crude but beauti plaster plaqu of children 's handprint , and paper trophi ribbon that bore such flatter legend as `` best daddi of the year. `` but there were use gift as well shoe rag decor with heart , and paint orange-juic can to serv as pencil holder . 
 the drop show that each grous roost , feed , and loaf for the durat of the storm within the narrow confin of his leafi camouflag , safe from wind , owl , fox , and hunter. the cure oak leav not onli serv as cover , but , for some curious reason , are relish as food by the grous . 
 -- col. north reli on a wide network of acquaint , contact and associ insid the fbi for inform and assistance. this group includ agent who help guard his home , interview him in his white hous offic , and serv as a link to a secret brotherhood of `` free-lanc '' u.s. intellig oper whom he describ to the fbi as `` rogu '' central intellig agenc agent . 
 as farmer irrig their land , most of the water will percol down into the deplet aquifer. this will serv as water storag for the town to pump back when need . 
 from 1683 to 1701 there were sever major revis in the document , but from 1701 to 1776 the constitut of pennsylvania remain unalt . when the found father met in philadelphia to draw up a constitut for the unit state , the pennsylvania charter still contain portion of penn 's origin work serv as a model in mani respect . 
 `` the emperor call his lord high chancellor and instruct him how to run the kingdom dure his absenc . meanwhil the scarecrow was taken apart and the paint sack that serv him for a head was care launder and restuf with the brain origin given him by the great wizard . 
 if nato strategist were to start from scratch , they would probabl devis a special `` forward defens `` element , back up by mobil defens use fewer but better armor format to counterattack ani penetrations. u.s. forc , also fewer but better , could then serv as a tactic reserv for saceur instead of be tie down to the defens of one part and not the most danger part of the front . 
 mr. johnson breath life into what otherwis would be dusti chronicl of obscur events. in this instanc the theme is that the jew serv as a `` pilot '' for human , with their knack for turn `` their particular fate into a univers moral . '' 
 remov the command modul contain the astronaut from the launch vehicl in case of an emerg on the pad or dure the period befor the stack reach suffici altitud for the command modul to separ and re-ent on it own . serv as the control center and live quarter for a lunar land mission . 
 westinghous electr corp. and mitsubishi electr corp. have also play the engineer-exchang game , and advanc micro devic inc. and soni corp. have announc they are explor a swap program. so far the compani and engin are pleas with the result , suggest their success could serv as a preced for futur exchang of technic peopl . 
 all you have befor you is death. is that what you want ? pain alon can thus serv as a warn . 
 japan 's no. 2 auto maker is fall victim to the kind of problem that have batter detroit , the kind that japanes compani exploit to decim the u.s. auto industry. in fact , nissan could serv as a textbook exampl of how to go wrong . 
 she was led through the dismal and dirti street to an unbeliev filthi , crowd tenement hous , typic of the time . she found her patient lie on rough plank which serv as a bed , and there were sever children in the room , half-dress in rag and look as though they had not eaten in a long while . 
 the law the cabinet propos to implement ahead of schedul allow the govern to revok the licens of financi institut from countri without suffici reciproc privileg for british concern , or deni new licenses. the law is meant primarili to help british financi concern gain access to foreign market , rather than to serv as a weapon in other trade disput . 
 yet he fear that momentum may be lost , that nato could lose effect in the year just ahead , unless european -- as well as american -- challeng some `` cherish assumptions. '' but there 's no certainti they ll do so , and nato 's abil to serv as western europ 's main defens might weaken . 
 but , even in those far-off time , go back sever decad , i do n't believ that even one test team reli sole on the spirit of adventur . marcel doret , whose career serv as an exampl , was chief test pilot for the dewoitin compani befor the last war . 
 marco polo saw with his own eye how the mongol were bring peac and order to the wild land in the heart of asia ; how they had link up distant corner of their empir by a system of swift messeng , and had establish a standard currenc to encourag trade . the polo carri golden tablet of safe-conduct from kublai khan , which serv as passport and ensur them the best servic at inn and posthous where fresh hors could be found for the journey . 
 this unrel drain has deplet the nativ cutthroat trout , and reduc averag fish size by two inch in the last five year . the import aspect is that the cutthroat serv as food for the endang bald eagl , pelican , osprey , grizzli and other wildlif . 
 the crowd airlin schedul is a problem requir a larg good-faith effort from both privat and public parties. for the near term , the faa will serv as a catalyst in this process . 
 troy gordon in tulsa world it can exist on the top of high mountain , buri in desert and hidden in rain forest . both construct and destruct , it serv admir as a menu item and in medic research , while produc havoc in veget garden . 
 he has a fleet of buse and truck that haul worker in and out of the san joaquin valley . he oper out of the `` slave market , `` a big fenced-in lot that serv as a hire hall . 
 they said the cia provid this intermediari with money , and instruct him to spend some of it in lebanon to prove his wealth to the kidnappers. at the same time , the sourc said , the cia arrang to have a boat off the lebanes coast to serv as the transfer point for the ransom and mr. kilburn . 
 i could never take hegel , and sinc marxian theori is base on hegelian dialect , i was protect from the beginning. i wonder whether larg dose of hegel would serv for general immun . 
 as a theori , this model market has been admir for it eleg and great general . it has serv as a basic analyt tool for profession economist and perhap alway will ; no other theori can safe go altogeth against it . 
 general motor corp. 's $ 700 million buyout of h. ross perot serv `` a fundament busi purpos '' becaus the auto maker 's crucial relationship with mr. perot had broken down irrepar , said roger b. smith , chairman . 
 some women feel their babi much more strong than other do , depend on their own bodi fat and also upon the posit of the placenta . if the placenta lie in the front of the mother 's uterus , serv as a sort of buffer between the unborn and his mother 's abdomin wall , she may feel her babi onli slight throughout her pregnanc . 
 charlemagn built the octagon palatin chapel , the oldest part of aachen 's vener cathedr , and was buri there in 814 . the marbl wooden-s throne on which he sat on ceremoni occas serv for the coron of thirty-two german emperor , king and ruler between 813 and 1531 . 
 the public school teach american citizen to believ that histor progress come from politician and social activist claim new right and enact new law rather than from entrepreneur launch new product and other breakthroughs. mr. lambro 's book serv as an incis antidot to this bias in american educ . 
 even then , the unasham neo-nazi german reich parti manag to elect five member to the 1949 bundestag and it successor had to be ban , that is driven underground , in 1952 . there were , howev , two other parti which , between 1949 and 1961 , serv as a conveni ralli ground for right-w group . 
 it was by far the largest armi that had ever been muster in christian outremer. the true cross would serv as it standard , as was customari when the whole armi of the kingdom march to battl . 
 onc upon a time , befor the ayatollah khomeini 's revolutionari hord appear on the scene , this was a peac picnic spot. nearbi stand a dusti , dilapid 40-room tourist hotel that now serv as a barrack for iraqi soldier . 
 otherwis these wander might steal the rich harvest from the farms. what purpos did the priest serv ? 
 but these run out in time. your own educ , versatil , and ingenu will serv as your best protect . 
 the tenant and his famili live in two ground-floor room of the hous , which left two room abov and a larg , empti loft. two nun could have a bedroom to themselv ; there was a larg room that could be use as a communal sit room and dine room and the loft would serv as a dormitori . 
 when the law 's forecast prove erron , congress was left with an unreach target , they assert. the legaci , they fret , is a deficit goal that serv most as a rhetor devic that republican are use to complain about what they see as the democrat ' lack of resolv on the budget issu . 
 iron , magnesium , manganes , molybdenum , calcium , chromium , cobalt , copper , and zinc are known to be essenti to life , and vanadium , nickel , and tin are thought to be. metal , often incorpor into protein , serv as catalyst that initi or assist in biolog reaction . 
 deliveri is 60 day aro . ampex corp. , culver citi , calif. for inform : circl 509 on reader card the execuport 415 cassett record connect to this manufactur 's execuport 300 and serv as a storag unit for the portabl termin . 
 occasion , perhap in one case out of ten , the buffer servant may drag along an unwant item , but the fantast speed make up for such slight errors. what all this mean is that inexpens core will continu to serv as a use devic for some year to come , and will be made and sold in larg quantiti . 
 you were say goodby to field and tree , and even to headland of field where a plow never got and where not an ear of barley had chanc to grow . in all these corner there were bit of thing , machineri , broken delft , cowhorn that had serv as funnel , machin oil tin and the rag and remnant that the scarecrow wore . 
 like a sinner recit an act of contrit , green throw down upon his own head a hand of ashes. they also serv as a veil to conceal his true face . 
 but he tacit reject it , as he doe the scherzo that haydn employ in place of the minuet , or the scherzando into which he transform it . haydn doe this most strike in the russian quartet of 1781 work that in so mani other characterist serv mozart as model . 
 goodby . `` this in a town found in 1638 , where the first public build the puritan settler had built was a dirt-floor church which also serv for town meet ! 
 `` if a man want his money befor payday , the grower give him an iou ( scrip ) redeem at his store . cook is done on a small , unvent , open-flam kerosen stove , which serv as a heater in the cold weather . 
 i am alway impress and puzzl when i stop to think about the discoveri of prehistor man . he must have explor his environ with great thorough , learn which plant could be eaten , which were poison , which serv as drug or medicin . 
 `` yes . when i recal what he onc was but that serv no purpos ! 
 time and again , after resolv to devot myself to the sweet use of technic philosophi , i would be urg onc more to enter the fray , often by the veri peopl who had advis me previous that i ought to turn my back on polit and write book for eternity. '' this may well serv as the apologia pro vita sua of a man who has been one of the most constant and effect controversialist of our time , and who as a result has had to hear such descript as `` relentless , '' even by those who agre with him . 
 solv the problem of the feder save and loan insur corp. by merg it into the feder deposit insur corp. , as propos by three former govern regul ( editori page , feb. 25 ) , would serv no use purpos but could delay legisl to recapit the fslic . 
 this is no place for you , this is a place protect . all right , you can unhook it now , it 's serv it purpos . `` 
 but most citizen suit are brought under the clean water act becaus it requir compani to file public report list pollut discharg into public sewerag system , say katharin h. robinson , a lawyer with the new haven-bas connecticut fund for the environment. record show discharg abov permit limit serv as a legal admiss of guilt , lawyer say . 
 until the fifteenth centuri , beeswax candl were use almost exclus in church becaus of an ancient belief that bee origin in paradise. when the candl harden , volunt trim the base with red and green paper frill that serv as decor and protect against the drip of hot wax . 
 this minor , have noth more to lose , could accept it alien and it isol for what they were , with a desper fortitud deni to the member of an ostens prosper society. yet in so do this minor could imbu it awar of dispossess with a univers signific , make it melancholi serv as symbol of the alien of modern , urban man . 
 `` did n't ben sirach sum it up , at least in the general sens ? he did , but the general sens no longer serv . 
 i do n't wish to be blind . `` `` nor i ! `` broke in the saw-hors ; so a pair of green spectacl was quick fasten over the bulg knot that serv it for eye . 
 the new strippabl wallpap can be remov from a room in minut and can be strip clean even from dry-wal without damag to the wall . it even leav a thin film of past on the wall , which serv as a good size for the next paper job . 
 a person who believ that sexual express can be a mean of spiritu as well as physic communic with anoth human be has the facil to help other to relat various type of sexual express into a unifi whole within the framework of their religi or ethic convictions. this discuss should serv as a use step in this need direct . 
 soldier return to el barillo in march with more handout in their continu effort to win heart and minds. the stori of el barillo , which serv as a guerrilla logist base from 1981 through 1985 , is in mani way the stori of contemporari el salvador . 
 governor shafer was more blunt ; he said , `` howev improb , the constitut fact is that you elector across the nation could upset the will of the american peopl as express last novemb 5 , if you chose to disregard their mandate. '' the agoni of those uncertain moment on elect eve serv as sharp remind that we must take posit action to safeguard our countri against the specter of an undecid elect . 
 the revolt has continu with the rush of academ support away from the nation parti and to the campaign of two stellenbosch-area independ candid run in the may 6 white parliamentari election. more dissatisfact with the govern will be air , perhap this weekend , when a group of about 30 professor , who have serv as a govern think tank , releas a statement describ by one of the particip as `` dynamit . '' 
 it depend upon the exist of some equilibr factor. that factor is monetari polici , which serv as a moder to fluctuat in nomin gross nation product and togeth with a rather sluggish adjust of price moder fluctuat in output and employ . 
 the congress form the legisl bodi at each stage ; they make the decis and enunci the laws. execut council , to serv as the administr organ , were elect by the congress at each level . 
 she includ a coupl of memor poignant letter from dimitri mitropoulo , whose initi enthusiasm for american innoc and ideal and subsequ disillusion ( `` i am alon , complet alon '' ) parallel the trauma of mahler in new york. but she can not be trust ; even if accur , her unsavori anecdot and surmis are so thin one is left ask what higher purpos they serv . 
 african singer use this devic to make certain part of their song more import or to give them emot intens . in jazz , vibrato serv much the same purpos and also set up a rhythmic pulsat within the larger rhythm of the piec a beat within a beat . 
 even food habit chang . celebr that are base on rite or reason that have no applic today would ceas unless they serv a purpos . 
 if there realli are reader who want this combin of materi , which is a publish 's market decis , not a review 's problem , then this book cover it well . my onli reserv would be that the absenc of exercis limit it use for the claim purpos of serv as a textbook . 
 along with keep industri product go around the clock , the factori maintain agricultur plot for rais pig and grow veget , dormitori for unmarri worker , eat facil , and an array of anti-aircraft gun discreet shroud in canva . and it serv as a center for subtl group dynam and polit action direct toward motiv worker to increas output . 
 `` and , realli , if you examin it critic , the gump look veri well as a figure-head. these great palm-leav , for which i have endang my life seven time , must serv us as wing . '' 
 a total of thirty-on pair of spinal nerv emerg from these region . the spinal cord serv too as a pathway for nerv impuls to and from the brain . 
 m. servan-schreib 's victori doe not for the present alter this plain fact. but it doe serv as a warn that a lot of peopl may be grow weari of a govern that has lost general de gaull 's intellectu unorthodoxi and settl into a pad conservat . 
 the health system is also financ by compulsori payrol deduct ( although high-incom earner may choos a privat plan , and about 8 % of the peopl have ) . german receiv a booklet of health-insur ticket that serv as voucher to pay for both routin visit to doctor and dentist and major medic treatment . 
 core of the system is the boy or girl of 18 , draft for 36 and 24 month of activ duti , respect . dure peacetim , this armi of drafte serv both as a train ground and as a deterr forc . 
 and even though aid to mr. regan have been snipe fierc at mr. buchanan in the press , suggest he has `` out-agnew agnew , '' they are unsur how to regain the polit initiative. and even as they flail , some admit mr. buchanan has serv a use purpos by act as a lightn rod to deflect critic . 
 in the bedroom there were two armi cot , on one of which lay will 's sport jacket and his sun glass . appar they had serv their purpos and fred did not plan to use them ani more . 
 the coonley hous of 1908-1910 at riversid , illinoi , is a good exampl of the plan and elev he work out to express his belief that a hous should use contemporari form , should encourag domest , should serv as a shelter for cultiv activ and should accord with the person need of the owner . this complex serv also as a school run by the coonley . 
 the senat budget committe 's plan make similar choic , but has n't yet pass the senate. the budget resolut , onc it is reconcil between the two chamber , is suppos to serv as a guid for budget decis throughout the year . 
 the ultim object of the class swimmer is utilitarian , that is , to be abl to swim quit a long distanc comfort for pleasur and safeti . it also serv as a prepar for lifesav techniqu as well as be a `` feeder `` for varsiti competit . 
 the drive rhythm and electrifi climax pleas audienc enorm . the piec also serv as a signal to nela , say in effect , `` no more now . 
 this can be gaug from the complet absenc of such instrument in contemporari italian paint and sculptur . later on , bow instrument import from germani and franc serv as model to the italian with the result that their craft of instrument-mak took an upward trend , lead to a uniqu masteri . 
 in juli 1949 , after the initi success of dr erhard 's experi in free-enterpris econom , the parti firm reject all econom plan and fundament social reform . the strong and determin leadership of konrad adenau serv as an effect substitut for a programm . 
 befor leav for vietnam he had begun hear testimoni about more shoot in the co luy area by task forc barker that day . the unit in question was bravo compani , 4th battalion , 3rd infantri , which had serv as a block forc two mile to the east of my lai 4 . 
 nomura babcock is own joint by nomura secur co. , the giant tokyo-bas secur firm , and babcock & brown inc. , the intern invest bank firm. the compani said that eastdil , also base here , will serv as nomura secur ' real estat invest bank arm in the u.s. babcock & brown and nomura secur repres also will sit on eastdil 's board and manag committe , the compani said . 
 burn it into the drawer of a chest. `` he argu that this techniqu would serv as a constant remind to the consum that the merchandis was grow older . 
 we ve been let the boy saw the bar off the windows. `` dure my investig , i search for communiti which had tackl the problem and which might serv as model for the rest of the nation . 
 wors , some of the townspeopl made use of burial hill as a quarri whenev they need a slab for a doorstep or some similar purpos , carri off the fallen or broken stone heap up in a corner of the burial ground. and there were some who did not hesit to pull down stand stone if these seem to serv their purpos better . 
 and then there are more esoter items. richard j. bertero , a truste of the california academi of scienc , recent gave $ 25,000 to the academi to fund restor of the stuf grizzli bear that in 1952 serv as a model for california 's current state flag . 
 on the posit side , there are now `` veri few other place to get tax-fre cash flow , '' say tom ochsenschlag , a partner in the washington offic of grant thornton , an account firm. also , congress sever restrict the suppli of tax-fre municip that do n't clear serv a `` public purpos . '' 
 meanwhil , the boom has n't made a dent in the huge pool of adult who are n't count in the labor forc becaus they are n't even look for work. `` if new york 's comeback did n't serv as a magnet , under what conceiv circumst can we see these peopl come into the mainstream ? '' ask mr. ehrenhalt of the bureau of labor statist . 
 this was becaus `` sulphur island , `` as the japanes call it , was onli 760 mile south of tokyo. it would serv as an emerg land point for the big b-29 bomber fli from mariana base to japan . 
 mani have stay on , and , say the aba , `` there has been a notabl improv in the calib of justic dispens . `` in fact , the chicago traffic court now serv as a `` teach court `` for judg from other district . 
 desper he poke his neighbor in the rib and there began a tussl which caus the bus driver to pull to the side of the road and threaten grave punish if there was not an end to the goof around . the set-to had serv it purpos for mike , though , and he enter the school build with his nerv and muscl a littl less taut . 
 a good number of grownup tri to bridg the gap between the world by translat what children say and in the process chang it mean entirely. sinc what children say is so frequent shock to respect adult , these translat serv the comfort purpos of transform the stark primit into the bland innocu . 
 the air suppli use is often a mixtur of nitrogen and oxygen or helium and oxygen . the rope or `` lifelin `` serv as a communic link , if no telephon is use , and also as a mean of haul the diver to the surfac . 
 when he land , i 'm go to present him with a type and bound thesi , method of pollin use by the orchid of flora. my thesi will serv two purpos to restor his saniti and to show him who 's the boss . 
 in 1964 tri was summon to saigon , where trinh ba te , now the leader of the nlf for the area , ask him to develop go-yeu as one of the key villag in the struggl against the americans. go-yeu was to serv as an entrepot for munit , foodstuff , medicin , and cloth arriv in sampan from cambodia . 
 they owe him that. under the influenc of feel he could not restrain , he produc a document which might serv as a model of everyth that a diplomat paper ought not to be . 
 their dispassion face , discern through the black veil , suggest power emissari of fate , silent direct the cours of peopl 's lives. in the film , the kurogo serv part of their theatric purpos as well by assist a charact to deal with prop or to chang a set . 
 mother model feminin for daughter and sons. father may serv as model for son of what a man can be like , and give daughter some feel of how to relat to a man . 
 the real question about greenmail is this : how do we control wast without do away with the benefit that an aggress outsid with construct plan for a compani can bring ? we should allow greenmail that serv as a management-consult fee , and that forc entrench boss to improv corpor oper . 
 the weather on our day of departur seem a happi omen . it was a blue and windi may morn that serv as a tonic to everyon 's spirit . 
 whether or not germani could have won the war , she was certain to lose it if the gigant product of american factori reach england in suffici quantiti . on this proposit the line were drawn for the epic `` battl of the atlant , `` in which the u-boat serv as the vanguard of germani 's defens . 
 the pressur of the immens weight of a sixteen-thousand-foot depth of ocean water on such a rift may affect it , too. wherev a fissur open , the magma from below can ooz up and find it way into subterranean crack and chamber that will serv as reservoir . 
 i have dare to point out that the rise of ultra-orthodox and right-w extremist such as rabbi kahan and his jewish defens leagu and other may in a larg measur be a reaction to the super-liber activist who have taken over so mani of these organizations. mr. rothenberg 's comment should serv as a warn to those who develop these agenda that there is a substanti segment of jewish citizen who do not agre with their view . 
 what is self-fulfil ? it is that inner glow , that person gratif , which come to you when you know that you have done someth well and that what you have done has serv a use purpos . 
 donna and i had expect the usual christma program routin that occur annual in school throughout the christian world , but we had n't reckon with the eskimo ' idea of a parti . starv for recreat to allevi the boredom of a long winter , the christma season serv as a physic and emot releas . 
 grade onli on the qualiti and quantiti of it biomed breakthrough , the pharmaceut industri get a solid a. grade on it abil to get these wonder to market , howev , the industri merit a weak b. in recent year , industri and univers scientist `` have made the conceptu and technic breakthrough ( in biotechnolog ) that will serv as the basi for all kind of new drug and diagnost for year to come , '' say herbert weissbach , director of the roch institut of molecular biolog , a research organ fund by hoffmann-la roch inc. , a major pharmaceut concern and a unit of switzerland 's f. hoffmann-laroch & co . 
 `` a spokesman for the countri fire author said this morn that there is everi indic that the fire are man-mad . `` it is a tragedi , `` he said , `` that has struck with bewild speed and no use purpos can be serv by minim the risk involv . 
 in the twenti john l. lewi , presid of the miner union , had been the chief enemi of the communist and had purg them from the industri . this serv the doubl purpos of elimin his opposit in the union , and carri out his pact with the mine owner to reduc the labor forc and introduc machin mine . 
 one of the great achiev of the period after world war ii was the codif of the rule for intern trade in gatt , the general agreement on tariff and trade. even though it is honor as much in the breach as in the observ , it still serv as the norm . 
 the bearish perform of nippon telegraph & telephon share also chill trading. nt & t has serv as a sentiment weather vane for the market late , portend , accord to some observ , whether general share price can or ca n't be prime for a ralli . 
 `` some radio gadget , i suppos ... . let 's go aboard . `` they cross the rough plank that serv as a gangway , and jump down onto the deck . 
 she was obvious curious about zali and me , but she did n't wast time stare . she bow decor at us all and retreat to a charcoal brazier in the corner of the room which serv as a kitchen . 
 the discharg of a gun will likewis summon chick , but with less satisfactori dividend . what serv as their dinner bell befor the day of axe , maul , and gun ? 
 the most realist is that mauro de mauro , for mani year a lead figur in the investig into mafia big shot and their activ , had stumbl on an unusu `` hot `` piec of inform . his abduct could have serv three purpos : to find out how much he knew of the danger truth , to stop him from publish it and to find out from whom he had learn it . 
 a giant double-woven ( revers ) ojo , or a number of larg ojo altern side-by-sid , make a love , inexpens room divider. mount in a bathroom window , a singl ojo may serv as a color shade , allow sunlight to filter through the weav and cast pattern on the opposit wall . 
 new develop in data process and sensor technolog are make the satellit an increas valuabl tool for earthbound prospector seek clue to miner deposits. earli survey satellit serv commerci geologist most as platform for aerial photographi , help them find fault and fissur in the earth where miner might occur . 
 although feder reserv offici did n't mention the dollar 's recent declin against most major currenc and it negat impact on the bond market , mani economist believ the fed recogn the close correl between a sink dollar and fall bond prices. the fed 's `` high visibl '' tighten `` serv as a counterpunch to the pervas negat psycholog toward the dollar in the foreign exchang market , '' said david m. jone , a senior vice presid at aubrey g. lanston & co . 
 betel shop dot india 's landscape. they are found in the most remot villag and on almost everi block in urban india , where they serv as gossip center , too . 
 they chose 100 guinea pig 15 percent of them high achiev , bound for colleg ; 60 percent averag student ; 25 percent low-achiev potenti dropout . anoth 100 , similar chosen , serv as a control group whose work in the regular program would provid a yardstick to measur alli health project achiev . 
 a feder appeal court in philadelphia also upheld the law in 1985 , and the mine owner appealed. the suprem court said it past rule suggest that a land-us regul may result in a take of properti if it serv no signific public purpos or if a landown is deni `` econom viabl '' use of the land . 
 consequ the wall and partit , wood or otherwis , of ani hous should contain fire stop on at least the floor line and the roof to seal off ani fire that could otherwis travel upward through them. mani type of commerci insul , when thick enough to fill up the space complet , serv this purpos . 
 she slip through a thick tangl at the edg of the abandon villag and was attract by the rustl of sever rat that were work through a kitchen midden , when a more entic sound caught her attent . even befor she began her stalk on the rat she swung through one of the thatch-roof pole hut and leap easili onto a wooden platform that had onc serv as a bed for an entir seminol famili . 
 there are passag here and there from which connoisseur alon can deriv satisfact ; but these passag are written in such a way that the less learn can not fail to be pleas , though without know whi ... leopold undoubt felt that to be regard in earnest as a `` serious `` compos , he lack the most essenti qualiti : the impuls , the divin spark. he knew that at best he could serv as a model onli in slight degre ; so he sought elsewher for model . 
 he had been gone for day and had forgotten her birthday . she was not angri ; she had joke about the corni word serv as theme song for all gemini , schizophren and dedic scientist . 
 the way i figger it , the bull whale were hot after a cow and they forgot to check the tide. `` perhap this explan will serv . 
 but worst of all , due to the lack of chloroform and ether , the onli known anesthet , hundr of wound men went under the knife with noth except a few swallow of strong whiski to deaden the pain . surgeon use sharp penkniv for scalpel ; tree bark strip serv as tourniquet , splinter of soft pine as bullet probe , while fenc rail were use for splint and crutch . 
 yet the warmth of the greet did not reassur tuomi . if galkin was serv as the bait of a trap , this was how he would behav . 
 nichola callaway 's `` georgia o'keeff : 100 flower '' ( knopf , 118 page , $ 100 ) is the sort of coffee-t book that , laid down horizont , might actual serv as the top of the tabl itself . 
 in 1969 , taipei liter stank of poverty. a haze of charcoal smoke rose from the bucket that serv as stove for women who did their famili cook on the sidewalk . 
 at that time , the intern maritim satellit organ , or inmarsat , decid it would be more expediti to choos the shuttl and the arian for it next three launch -- even though the russian bid was lower. `` the u.s. stand in relat to the soviet proton rocket , which was suggest as a carrier for inmarsat 's ship-to-shor communic network , can serv as a classic exampl of bias , '' stepan bogodyazh , intern liaison depart chief of glavkosmo , told a moscow newspap . 
 greco is no artist. my copi are not even good copi , but they serv their purpos . 
 but milk is in short suppli almost everywher , and mani african countri must import meat. goat , sheep , and chicken are found throughout africa , and serv as import meat sourc . 
 `` there is no reason whi a man should sleep on a bed that might be made of rock becaus he is tri to conceal himself for a day or two. your mother has given us these quilt , which , place on the sack , will serv the purpos . 
 a spokesman for the nation associ of insur commission said the group is examin whether limit should be place on junk bond investments. if it conclud regul is need , the group would draft legisl that would serv as a model for state to consid . 
 the farther we went , the bigger the farm , the farther apart . rise up out of the snow were larg , prosper hous and barn , mani of them flank by sturdi grove of cottonwood , straight , symmetr row that serv as windbreak . 
 the ladi of the best french societi , in time of troubl , head straight for the pentemont . as thing turn out , it serv rose as a finish school . 
 it 's easi to switch career goal if you alreadi have compet in a particular area of work. you ll have a base on which to build and skill that can serv as a springboard . 
 synchron with the attack by what we must rememb is `` coerciv persuas or brainwash , '' was the announc last februari by new york univers that it now offer a master 's degre in sensit train ; follow by redland univers in california with it trumpet blast in may that it , too , start st this summer and that it will be mandatori ! here a bona fide quotat quit sensibl is made to serv as a base for utter unfound assert and a vagu horrend innuendo . 
 the confer itself would meet seldom , and onli to ratifi arrang alreadi work out in smaller group or through diplomat channels. but it could serv as an umbrella for special-purpos confer among smaller group of nation on manag chunk of the european secur problem . 
 `` i ca n't afford to retir , and even if i could , i 'd miss the excit of my job , '' say mildr tuffield , who at 67 is administr director of a new york nonprofit firm. elder manag can serv a dual purpos : pass along what they have learn and care about , and provid continu for the compani by remind youngster what has come befor . 
 not infrequ there occur in such phrase a note that might be call a rest note . come at the end of a period , it serv as a sort of calm zone between two agit phrase . 
 for mani religi peopl , a fantasi of a sex act that , if perform in real life , would be against the individu 's moral code is ethic unacceptable. on the other hand , there are those who consid that the fantasi act may substitut for the real act and thus serv as a harmless avenu of releas for more violent and antisoci urg . 
 make a studi of the shelter of earli man. to what extent did they serv the same purpos as shelter do now ? 167 . 
 the island , five mile long and a mile wide , with sandi beach and pine wood , is one of the ile d'hyer . it moon-shap bay , domin by the 16th-centuri fort of sainte-agath , has long serv as a port of refug . the singl villag , with 360 inhabit , most of them fishermen , is built around a huge squar which serv as a parad ground for the troop station on porqueroll . 
 the bodi spin teach the pupil to appreci the potenti of the arm action in swim . it serv as a lead-up drill in teach the arm action for the elementari and rest back stroke . 
 he then drew a delic sketch of the colosseum with tree and shrub poke out of it crumbl arches. for centuri , the vener amphitheat had serv local as a quarri . 
 and on the opposit side of the same wall is what must be one of the most marvel design radio ever built , walter darwin teagu 's `` bluebird radio '' ( 1937-40 ) . this consist of a great smoky-blu glass disk , almost larg enough to serv as a dress mirror , onto which has been laid a beauti proport shini metal grid punctuat by the rhythmic circl of the dial and tune knob . 
 if the commiss were to find the merc guilti , it could impos fine and order the merc to refrain from further violat of this type. a merc offici said that the cftc action `` serv no use purpos '' and that the exchang is confid the matter will be resolv in it favor . 
 sidney rock the deck against the polish wood until the card are perfect aligned. the gold ring on his littl finger seem to serv as a devic , a neat littl fasten by mean of which his hand movement are har and made trim . 
 he heard the scarecrow fall to the ground with a mushi sound , and then he himself quick dismount and look at his friend jack . the wooden bodi , with it gorgeous cloth , still sat upright upon the hors 's back ; but the pumpkin head was gone , and onli the sharpen stick that serv for a neck was visibl . 
 hoobin spoke with gloomi satisfaction. `` and there be time when onli hast will serv . '' 
 the male bowerbird , it appear , has function test all dure the four or five month that he may spend in build and maintain the bower . the femal , on the other hand , is sexual inact dure much of this time , and the function of the bower is to arous her , after which it serv as a mate station . 
 i rememb use textur doormat as well as linoleum which i heat in the stove to soften . the stove serv also as my onli sourc of heat becaus i live in a cold-wat flat . 
 rather , it is an experi in group live . when you enter the front door , the first thing you see is an enorm american flag big enough for a skyscrap or a battleship which hang from the ceil and serv as a room divid . 
 generat of human be cower in the gloom of these cave and look out with apprehens into the bright of an outsid world teem with fearsom anim . ani natur rocki crevic serv as a shelter and a protect to our practic defenseless ancestor . 
 two peopl were train at a larg state-run factori and then instruct others. bao gong oper thirteen other simpl cooper that serv as the maoist equival of subcontractor to larger plant . 
 the name too are reminisc of german wine names. they are not much known in britain , but the follow list of vineyard and villag may serv as some guid to the student who stumbl upon an opportun to tast ani , either at home or abroad . 
 some of these journal are dull and pedestrian , but other are lit by vivid descript and by wri flash of humor. mani of them serv as valuabl resourc to historian , and a few are of use to the student of literatur as well . 
 it was over sir pitt crawley 's hous ; but it did not indic the worthi baronet 's demis . it was a feminin hatchment , and inde a few year back had serv as a funer compliment to sir pitt 's old mother , the late dowag ladi crawley . 
 nuclear deterr has kept the peac in europ -- convent deterr ca n't do the same , short of soviet unilater disarmament. nuclear forc that would remain under the agreement are clear insuffici to serv as nato 's nuclear deterr . 
 one of the key object of last year 's tax reform was to creat fair and neutral in the tax code , but the new law reward those with home equiti that can be convert into borrowing. anoth question is : has the new tax law serv the purpos of discourag borrow ? 
 undersea vehicl would be vital import to such a mine instal carri suppli , construct materi , tool , equip , and men. they would also serv as ore carrier or submarin tug , haul a seri of special design barg fill with ore to a land-bas extract plant . 
 on the other hand , he promis unlimit support to foreign capitalist who share his faith in costa rica 's futur and were will to abid by the nation 's rule . in modern costa rica the govern would elimin the risk which had serv as justif for earlier concess ; it would guarante law and order and assum respons for all the requisit social servic . 
 apolog were offer for the ordeal he had suffered. then lord richard howe ask franklin to suggest a plan that might serv as a basi for negoti . 
 in the videotap present that accompani the photograph , a banker who spent day help to rescu client ' livestock rememb chicken and dumpl tast mighti good at the time , but add `` i have n't care much for them since. '' in the final pictur of the `` mule set '' mr. dameron show a mass of mule , interspers with a few hors and hog , be unload at the waterfront , where men in high hip-wad wait to claim their own and help herd them through town to the tobacco warehous that serv as barn . 
 `` it 's possibl , `` said craig , `` but do n't count on it . `` he told omar to heav to , and togeth they manhandl over the side the stone that serv as an anchor , then he disappear into the cabin . 
 physic energi is usual equat with strength , which , in turn , is confus with bulg muscl and the abil to lift great weights. but intens muscl develop and weight lift do n't serv too much purpos in everyday life except to a boxer and weight lifter . 
 in sum , on the issu of verif , the agreement is ambigu at best , utter depend upon the soviet not cheat at worst. histori provid ampl testimoni to the soviet ' willing to exploit ambigu in arms-control agreement and -- where that is insuffici to serv their purpos -- to flat cheat , a point that this administr , to it credit , has repeat remind the american public of . 
 do , do tri if it is possibl for a woman to understand young peopl but of cours it is not , and i wast my breath. hold your tongu as much as possibl at least , and observ my conduct narrowli ; it will serv you for a model . 
 fortun , some of them carri rug which they share will with arthur . when they final arriv in gloomi euston station , his red muffler serv as a beacon for aunt annett . 
 if you do aerob , that doe n't rule out calisthen . both are good , but each serv a differ purpos . 
 there he ask for tarisio 's nephew , and was direct to a sprawl , low-roof farmhous . he enter , and found himself in a roomi , almost bare room which also serv as a kitchen . 
 some plantat use irrig ditch and let the water flow from the ditch into furrow in the field as needed. there are no lake or larg river to serv as irrig water suppli . 
 among these is deni worral , who resign last month as south africa 's ambassador to great britain. he believ a multiraci natal govern could serv as a model for a nation solut to the injustic of apartheid , and plan to run as a pro-indaba candid for parliament against a top govern minist . 
 they are not yet involv in an overt power struggl becaus no chines leader will will be respons for destroy the uniti of china . but the formal polit structur in peke doe not reflect the true balanc of forc and this contradict has been serv as a slow fuse to a showdown . 
 john lewi and donald harri , who were make a tour of sever african countri as repres of the student nonviol coordin committe toward the end of malcolm 's second tour of africa , have observ : `` malcolm 's impact on africa was just fantast . in everi countri he was known and serv as the main criteria for categor other afro-american and their polit view . 
 a fourth , dolmi busi inc. , was form in novemb 1985. the same month , southern air transport bought a fifth panamanian shell corpor , amalagam commerci enterpris ( ace ) to serv as a front for the miami carrier 's work on behalf of a secret airlift ferri arm into nicaragua . 
 he was a writer , a prolif one ; yet his write were near all occasion , prompt by the need of the moment . his one book , the autobiographi , was begun as someth that might be use to his son ; that purpos serv , it was never finish . 
 he and mother use one of them as an offic and den . the other serv as a bedroom for three of the children . 
 in the bar of `` 21 `` he use to nurs a singl drink all night when he was short of fund , in order to meet peopl and perhap drum up some new accounts. with anoth young coupl , the roger van schoyck , the mahoney also appear frequent at the stork club , to serv as background sceneri for a tv interview show . 
 democraci and toler , how glibli these peopl use these word ! sudden i did n't like it and exclaim involuntarili : `` whi , what purpos would that serv ? '' 
 i have known peopl to travel long distanc , even across the contin , to talk to those who have conduct success anniversari programs. a well-written articl can serv the same purpos as this kind of a journey . 
 in the former , mozart 's first symphoni in a minor key , the choic of key alon transcend the boundari of simpli `` social `` music , and even contradict the natur of such music . what purpos of the day can this document of impetu express have serv ? 
 navi unit , arm to the teeth , patrol the citi and it suburbs. the naval colleg , the home of the once-illustri 1st u-boat flotilla , was chosen to serv as the center of the defens of brest becaus of it vast underground tunnel system . 
 3. onc a drug test program is establish in local jurisdict , it can serv as an indic of local drug abus and a way to measur the effect of law enforc and drug-abus program . 
 ten youngster start a separ compani call act iv product and join the musician union . today , act iv serv as book agent for young instrument and vocal group , and produc it own music show . 
 sometim they have been approach religi , sometim philosoph , and sometim especi of late even scientifically. becaus of the differ approach use , or differ assumpt that serv as start point , achiev of ani over-al consensus on moral issu has prove just about imposs to come by . 
 keep it cover . you do not have to take the tree apart to give the ball to the guest ; but food which serv as a decor soon get too dusti to eat . 
 and the consequ for those who alreadi have lost their job on wall street -- or soon may -- appear grim in the wake of the stock market 's collapse. even bank and insur , which have in the past serv as haven for those left jobless by market downturn , seem less like to offer safe harbor this time around . 
 the sport to which the tartar were most attach was hunt , even when they had a suffici of food from their own flock , or could suppli themselv by raid on their neighbour . genghi khan encourag hunt , not for the sake of the kill alon , but for the skill and endur it develop , serv as train for the armi . 
 up to a week 's sale , inventori , tax , and employe labor inform can be captur , process , and store in the h-112 in an `` averag `` franchis store , accord to the firm. in the basic configur , tracom consist of the minicomput , two keyboard entri termin that serv as electron cash regist , two printer , and four cash drawer , plus basic softwar , at $ 12k . 
 turkey 's popul of more than 51 million -- it may reach 70 million by the turn of the centuri -- is develop a tast for western-styl consumerism. furthermor , it is ideal situat to serv as a commerci `` bridgehead to the economi of develop arab countri , '' argu mr. ozal , who is the prime minist 's brother . 
 the partnership current own 50 % of fox plaza , a 34-stori offic tower under construct on a site adjoin fox film 's los angel studio lot. the tower is expect to serv as a headquart for mr. davi ' oil invest and other activ , which were previous center in denver . 
 mari was kneel , her hand across her breast , her gaze on the sleep babe ; joseph was stand besid her. in the background , onli their head visibl , were the ox and the ass who had withdrawn from their manger that it might serv anoth purpos . 
 it doe not belong to one nation ; it belong to all nation alike. my hope is that one day it can be made to serv as one link for world uniti . 
 general the medium close his eye , make some more or less convuls movement , and short thereaft act as if possess by the spirit control or other incorpor person that may be call up by the person known as the sitter who is consult the medium . messag are given as if come from the possess spirit ; the bodi of the medium is suppos to be serv onli as an instrument of intercommun . 
 system architect , inc. , braintre , mass. for inform : circl 337 on reader card uptim is a combin file manag and report generat intend to solv the problem of the frequent need for prompt generat of one-tim or period report that were not anticip at the time a system was designed. it can also serv as the report write and file mainten modul for system now be develop , howev . 
 ed said the inform process center will use the compani 's advanc comput hardwar , softwar and communic technologies. the center will serv as a model to demonstr practic applic of comput technolog within china . 
 recent patron includ the conductor of a symphoni orchestra , a half-dozen u.s. congressmen , and a 20-year-old canadian who , after rob a branch of the bank of montreal of more than $ 9000 , purchas a gaudi western wardrob and head straight for nashvill . the opri hous ryman auditorium is an old , red-brick edific with balconi and church-lik window and cruel hard-back pew ( which onc serv satan 's purpos in a gospel tabernacl ) . 
 he was fully-fledg , brilliant virtuoso after four year ' studi under habeneck. he is still well-known for his handbook , the violinist 's physic train , and his etud classiqu , which serv their purpos perfect . 
 a southern air flight with unidentifi cargo from an air forc base in texa to tel aviv correspond with the sale this year of u.s. arm to iran through israel. in the first six month of 1986 , feder record show frequent flight into el salvador 's ilopango militari airport , which serv as a base for the covert suppli oper to nicaraguan guerrilla . 
 i lit no lamp . the firelight serv . 
 the letter argu that `` all of santa fe 's stockhold should be treat equal and given the greatest abil to consid all opportun to maxim the valu of their santa fe shares. '' it ad that `` santa fe 's preferred-stock purchas right serv as a barrier to this goal and , in the interest of all your stockhold , should be redeem . '' 
 as in most such transact , the control group 's profit was great amplifi by it initi use of a leverag buyout. these peopl put up onli about $ 1 million of their own money and borrow most of the rest -- total about $ 84 million -- with harley-davidson 's own asset serv as the collater . 
 it was becom more and more a hollow shell. his conserv support were fast becom awar that the dictat would no longer serv their purpos . 
 their savag ' feet , brown and harden , re-experi the weight of the great shoe we have thought stud and strengthen with nail . a pair of good `` everyday shoe `` for adolesc is as weighti as a shackl and our ballast children frolick with a shorter stride dure those last recreat that serv as dress-rehears befor reassembl . 
 in the past , mr. cox has contend that he did n't default on his interfirst payments. but he has conced that the econom slump in the southwest has substanti erod the valu of mani of his properti that serv as collater to the interfirst loan . 
 the outback no longer appeal as it did ; year by year the pull of the citi grow , and one or two fli doctor base have alreadi closed. yet the purpos they serv is not obsolet . 
 he listen to people. he jump into the beat-up old van that serv as collect taxi here and ride around . 
 it was felt a nation clear hous for compani in troubl and potenti investor could be the answer and that this could be automated. corpor finder went look and found a group with a job-match system under develop which they felt could be convert to serv their purpos . 
 the commission approv the temporari registr on a 4-0 vote , with commission aulana peter absent. chicago-bas mortgage-back secur clear , which was creat to serv as the central agenc , technic doe n't fall under the sec 's jurisdict until the govern secur act of 1986 goe into effect in juli . 
 need are univers and endur where product and method becom obsolete. the hors and buggi have disappear , the passeng train is seldom use , ocean liner serv primarili for luxuri cruis . 
 becaus of the expand rang of exercis option , the adjust for age , and the comprehens data tabl , i also hope that physic educ and medic personnel concern with exercis will find this book use in supervis physic condit programs. whether this book is use as an individu exercis guid or as a profession refer work , it is my profound hope as a physician that it will serv it reader as a key to health and well-b . 
 for the hammer and trigger the squar metal rod that connect door knob was use . the end of the rod , which serv as the hammer , was file to a point . 
 not to destroy it. it was much too flatter a pose , and might serv as a refer to win me new lover . 
 `` in south america peopl refer to pesticid as plant medicin ' and they do n't think medicin is danger , '' say agi kiss , a pesticid expert with the world bank in washington. in culiacan and other third world farm region , discard plastic pesticid contain frequent serv as water bucket . 
 momsen made his first test in the model-boat basin at the washington navi yard in februari 1928 . he cut a memor figur in his woolen tank suit , a clothespin serv as a nose clip . 
 the main bear beam is sometim not even a solid wooden beam in hous built by corner-cut contractor . a common sight in tract hous is sever 2 by 8 's , side by side on their narrow end , serv as a main bear beam . 
 the ancestor of american slave use music in everyday life to an extent unknown in the west . in africa , music serv mani use purpos . 
 to hear the rebel talk , they are alreadi near victory. `` onli a few remain town and area remain outsid our control , '' say vicent pelobello , an ordain priest who went underground in 1979 and now repres the nation democrat front in negro , the legal organ that serv as a front for the outlaw communist parti . 
 whatev the institut ' strategi , compani general do n't like it. `` our pill serv a legitim purpos , '' say a spokesman for amr corp. , the hold compani for american airlin . 
 in addit , walsh-corbetta has now taken on the job of wind up the foundat begun by fehlhaber-horn . the platform foundat serv as the base for six of the ten structur on the mall , among them the four agenc build . 
 ruin were litter with shard of broken pottery. librari were burn or the book torn up to serv as bed for the conqueror ' hors . 
 this open , as was now usual , with a declar of the right of man , said to have been drawn up by paine. in addit , he submit a manuscript of forty-f page full of suggest declar that the new french constitut would serv as a blueprint for the revolut of the world . 
 becaus the loan were made year ago , some of them carri interest rate that are substanti higher than today 's market rates. the decis also serv sever other purpos , accord to offici and arab diplomat . 
 harcourt hint in it initi reject that mr. maxwel 's past busi deal could becom an issue. previous oppon have question who ultim own pergamon hold foundat , the liechtenstein-bas entiti that serv as his invest vehicl . 
 usual they want to be close to the restroom so that they can reach it quick should they develop gastric or other unpleas symptom . also , it serv as a kind of `` escap hatch `` for claustrophob feel . 
 one of a hand of other gcp exampl is in texa , where baylor univers 's economic-forecast servic produc a gross product figur for each of the state 's 28 metropolitan area and all 254 counties. ray perryman , director of the forecast servic , say the concept is valid onli if the computer model of the state economi , which serv as the base for figur output in smaller area , is continu updat as econom condit chang . 
 last year , a similar link of extra spend to new tax was reject by presid reagan , and this one probabl would be oppos , too. in addit , the plan must weather amend on the senat floor and be reconcil with a somewhat differ budget outlin pass by the hous befor it serv as a guidelin for later congression action . 
 there is noth els to be said . you have serv your purpos . 
 sit still , and hear the last of our sea-sorrow . `` he rose , and erect and with firm step walk to a small ricketi tabl by the other window in the room , which serv him as writing-t . 
 the drone are male bees. their onli function is to serv as mate for queen . 
 a mini-ojo , made from veri fine crochet thread or sport or finger yarn and woven on a skeleton of matchstick or toothpick , is a perfect good luck charm. it may be hung from the rearview mirror of your car , attach to a pocketbook , belt or key chain , or stitch to a piec of rawhid or a comb to serv as a hair ornament . 
 flash should be use to shed water not onli where the roof meet the chimney but also at ani other intersect of roof and build , includ the intersect of roof with roof , as in ell valley . the frame lumber that identifi the outer wall and interior partit , most $ 1 per copi 2 by 4 's , serv as a skeleton for the structur . 
 siegmann told us that u-230 would not be readi for anoth four or five weeks. we had to accommod ourselv in an antiqu cruiser , the former hamburg , which had been strip to serv as quarter for `` crew in wait . '' 
 they ruefulli wish they had done more befor 1965 . auto maker now general feel that govern safeti regul serv a good purpos . 
 an import physic link between the undersea station and the surfac was the personnel transfer capsul ( ptc ) . it serv as an elev for the aquanaut . 
 fabri-tek 's new end-us custom requir immedi local servic capabl , and this mean a larg and widespread forc of custom engin ; sorbus has over 80 servic locat and a mainten staff of about 1,000. eight fabri-tek region servic center will be maintain for continu train of sorbus custom engin and to serv in a trouble-shoot capac and as spare-part depot . 
 mani are reluct to creat new such market , becaus they requir extens hands-on manag , they have long start-up loss period , and mani of the choicest site have been claimed. some citi , meanwhil , are consid whether other type of urban attract would better serv as magnet . 
 then blanch mcgraw took the rose from rigney and sat back sad to watch the last game. it did n't matter that the park would surviv a few more year and for two season would even serv as the temporari home of a team to be call the new york met . 
 the stunt perform on the rope were the most interest to me , howev . the tight stretch line serv as a horizont bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contest to combin their strength , nimbl , and sens of time into an astonish array of acrobat trick . 
 afghanistan come to mind abov all in this regard. '' the arms-control process go back to the earli 1960s did serv the kremlin 's purpos in `` codifi '' the soviet union 's superpow status , the report say . 
 the box ( ink-print edit ) bear a kufic inscript in prais of write and scholarship , and in the row of medallion along the front are the sign of the zodiac . insid the box are small cover cup for the ink and the sand , which serv as blot paper , and a long slot to hold reed pen . 
 there should be not less than six lane for pool hold a championship meet . these line should be in the center of each lane so that each competitor swim astrid a line serv him as a guid from one end of the pool to the other . just 4 feet from each end of the pool a distinct cross-lan is place to serv as a warn to each competitor that the end of the cours is near . 
 or at least some of it. there are few surpris , but `` man of the hous : the life and polit memoir of speaker tip o'neil '' ( random hous , 387 page , $ 19.95 ) offer some glimps into the life and perspect of a man who , like few other , serv as a bridg between the old democrat polit and the new , and as a transit figur between the gritti polit of ethnic group and favor and the modern polit of televis and reform . 
 if it were n't for love ... the sugimoto famili had sold their telephon , along with their bechstein piano . the telegraph now serv for the phone ; even matter of littl urgenc were communic to them by telegraph from osaka . 
 hous in an oil-fil invert steel contain , this unit was hook up by a singl coaxial cabl to a control consol a mile distant on shore . the benthic laboratori serv as a kind of electron traffic control for the televis , audio communic , and numer telemet channel between sealab ii and the shore base . 
 sinc 1973 , about 260 lung-canc patient had volunt for the vaccin test. mani serv as `` control '' patient who did n't receiv the vaccin . 
 be of good cheer. `` but suppos it 's alreadi too late for a doctor now ; all that will serv now is a surgeon , someon alreadi use to blood , up there where the blood alreadi is . '' 
 the onli town , lanai citi , was plan and built by the pineappl compani for it employees. tall norfolk island pine serv as windbreak and landscap . 
 meanwhil , a woman offer dan kelli a $ 1 bribe to cut into the bulg line and get ms. white to autograph a book. final , it is 2:15 and after a `` bye-by '' vanna white walk out of the book depart past the babi cloth , past the housewar , the swim trunk , the hosieri , the health and beauti aid -- all item that could serv as `` love part gift '' on `` wheel of fortun . '' 
 one featur that make the gsv-1 differ in appear from the px-15 is a pontoon landing-gear structur attach to the bottom portion of the hull. it is to serv as a firm base when the submarin rest on the bottom of the sea . 
 the boatswain report that he had alreadi notifi the sailmak to commenc make a new sea anchor , but it would be a matter of hour at best befor it could be readi , and they might be ashor by then. mereweth look about the deck for some object that might serv the purpos . 
 in the year 688 the caliph abd al-malik decid to build over the rock a splendid dome that would rival the dome of the church of the holi sepulcher. he sent letter throughout the arab empir with an appeal for money and for skill craftsmen , and as the fund were collect , a small dome build was erect besid the rock to serv as a treasuri . 
 giotto drew the halo in perspect not becaus he believ in human but becaus it look good , it work , and it was new. with human develop into a civil of crude technolog , howev , a rediscov giotto could serv as a touchston to the deist persuasion. his work would serv equal well in the opposit direct . 
 in the rest of the booklet we will discuss those trait that distinguish the social matur person from the immature. they can serv as a guid for your own social growth and for that of your friend . 
 a good first step would be for new zealand to drop it `` nuclear-fre '' zone rhetor , which is patent ridicul when you consid the soviet nuclear-arm submarin prowl the water of the world , and again take up it abandon role in the anzus pact. a good second step would be for australia to expel the libyan peopl 's bureau that now serv as a relay station for south pacif agit . 
 perhap the citizen of missouri and minnesota at that moment need precis the symbol they got ; and if they did they got good one . a more origin build , say by wright , might not have serv the same purpos . 
 hypr also has found a way to build thin , multipl layer of a superconductor -- a major step toward make more power comput chip , say presid sadeg faris. superconductor devic also serv as veri sensit detector of magnet field and certain form of radiat . 
 `` i ll paint over it . it 's alreadi serv it purpos , anyway . 
 such as get well / femal , get well / male , get well / hospit , christma / general , christma / wife , and so on. so eventu your sold file can serv as a handi refer file for generat new idea in ani particular categori . 
 who delight in it or who is repel ? what purpos doe it serv ? 
 this we knew becaus we saw behind some rock at the crest of the hill in the loos soil the imprint left by the bodi of three warrior where they had been lie down in conceal . at their camp we found the head and hoof of my favorit hors , `` digger , `` a fine littl sorrel poni , and knew that he had serv them for dinner . 
 thousand died. at nankai univers , a young woman drown herself in the larg pool that serv as the univers 's centerpiec . 
 also , small rural factori make a varieti of product for their own communiti . this dispers of industri is in keep with maoist doctrin , but it also serv import practic purpos . 
 mission control follow everi step of the flight , serv as consult to the astronaut , advis way of overcom unexpect difficulti , make the major decis where deviat from the flight plan becom necessari , and maintain contact with all of the land , sea , and air support elements. three major system serv as the center 's eye and ear . 
 last summer , hyer had to dispatch two tanker truck of water to porqueroll when the well ran dry. now , a cistern is be instal which will regul the level of the differ well and serv as an emerg reserv in case of a drought . 
 but at the convent , the feder introduc it newest program : softwar that catalog the tremend amount of inform associ with each object in a museum 's collection. a williamson consult say that computer an art collect serv mani purpos . 
 what futur taxonom juggl will do with him is a question. meanwhil , he is himself , pitymi , or at least that name will serv . 
 but the new weapon , the new offic and the new men were here in the ship , steam out to sea after that incred eight day the first and earliest proof that the giant which was the unit state was gather his strength together. the offic and men who had been left behind would serv as a nucleus round which fresh draft could be assembl and train . 
 spread out on their port side were wood with loblolli pine and live oak ; scab of blight ground show between the tree ; the road to the point . dure the week , the end of the peninsula serv as a target area . 
 on a relat issu , the offici indic that the reagan administr is not yet readi to accept the new trade bill propos by senat financ committe leaders. but he said the bill is suffici free of protectionist provis to serv as a basi for negoti with congress . 
 the promis plot line lead to a showdown between two master corpor raider is pursu half-heartedly. near everi charact serv some symbol purpos that is laid out in big block letter . 
 the 980 was develop for real-tim process control in their own manufactur operations. one has been modifi to serv as messag switch center within ti 's intern telecommun dept. the dalla brokerag offic of rauscher pierc has a ti 980 which also is use as a messag switch center . 
 even the dead hors and the cow and sheep hang from the greasi hook look more inviting. at least we will eat these tomorrow and even the intestin will serv a purpose. but these filthi beggar lie in the rain , what purpos do they serv ? 
 we have argu repeat that a presidenti line-item-veto author would restor the necessari balance. the strengthen presidenti resciss power propos on this page recent by sen. dan quayl would serv the same purpos . 
 i shout for god and countri , recours to justic under law , fife , drum , martial music , parad , ice-cream cone america , support it or leav it . the volley of gunfir serv it purpos . 
 they lay under a many-fathom silenc , broken onli by a run murmur of prayer , mix with the sound of the vatican radio come over thousand of transistor : `` the pope is in a coma and slowli fade noth more can be done , but pray . `` the chime of christus vincit emerg from radio held next to ear , under arm , insid pocket and beneath buttock where they serv as seat . 
 there are other reason for the russian ' slow start. one is that the soviet union doe n't have a hong kong on it border to serv as an exampl , nor a huge communiti of entrepreneuri countrymen abroad want to invest . 
 most of the shipment are paid for in `` local currenc `` the currenc of the countri receiv the food. in mani case , these currenc are consid `` weak `` and of limit valu in the world of intern trade , although they serv their purpos within the countri that issu them . 
 bring scuba diver direct to the scene of a wreck will be anoth import contribut by submers to futur salvag operations. dive chamber that serv as temporari underwat shelter for aquanaut work at salvag task will also play a vital role . 
 erotic has suppli the plot of innumer novel and stori . the `` techniqu of sexual stimul `` and `` sex secret `` have been thorough exploit , and henri miller 's novel translat into vietnames have serv as model of the kind . 
 as with all bushwomen , bhau has enorm buttock . to tutei this featur is a sign of good health ; moreov , it serv a use purpos as a storag depot for fat that will keep bhau go dure a food emerg . 
 in the mid-19th centuri it refer to the habsburg monarchi 's ill-fat bid for polit domin over all the germani in the guis of an econom union. in the earli part of this centuri , mitteleuropa serv as a justif for german , not austrian , domin . 
 it can take near six month to collect enough fur to make a hat , she say , ad that it 's worth the wait. the sweater serv as keepsak , remind of her belov anim . 
 they defin the meter as one ten-millionth of the distanc from the equat to the pole . until recent , a platinum-iridium bar kept in an air-condit vault near pari serv as the world standard meter . 
 as a quaker penn would have like to abolish capit punish entir , but this was not possibl under the charter he held from the king. all prison , accord to penn , were to provid free food and lodg , and to serv as work hous , provid use employ for `` felon , vagrant , and loos and idl person . '' 
 but this `` defici '' help , as it doe with the u.s. constitut , to make the new draft constitut flexibl with the need of the time. on the whole , it is neither it clariti nor breviti nor length that will make a constitut serv it purpos . 
 so the kgb is on the job at mount alto , and u.s. secur expert are just discov that the entir u.s. embassi build in moscow is riddl with `` bugs. '' the metal bar and beam serv as one larg antenna , allow the soviet to listen to all convers within the build . 
 howev , it music mean can not be deni . to my way of understand , it serv as a link ; by mean of this simpl note , well skill manag to form a connect between his chorus and the preced one . 
 about a year befor the first victim appear , howev , the factori had begun mass product of acetaldehyd and vinyl chlorid , use in the plastic industry. in both process , mercuri compound serv as catalyst . 
 the research said they note that cat infect with ftlv exhibit symptom strike like those of human with acquir immun defici syndrom , includ diarrhea , wast , and neurolog disorders. this contrast with the simian aid virus which can caus infect , but not diseas as doe human aids. thus , the research believ the new cat virus might serv as a model for test of aid therapi or vaccin . 
 jame age describ a tenant famili over two decad ago , in let us now prais famous men . it serv , unalt , as a valid descript of what pass for migrant `` sanit . `` 
 your editori `` break with salt ii '' ( dec. 2 ) point out that this so-cal `` treati '' ( which was never ratifi , would have expir had it been ratifi , and has been violat by the soviet ) has becom an `` arms-control shibboleth '' serv as a meretrici distinct between `` holier-than-thou '' democrat `` angel '' and a trigger-happi presid . 
 `` these are realli the first-gener materi that will be use as a bone substitut , '' say paul higham , the manag of materi research at howmedica inc. , a subsidiari of pfizer inc. both materi serv as scaffold into which bone cell and other tissu grow . 
 he had n't forgotten helen 's blue eye . but the glass of schnapp serv as a remedi . 
 how wrong the whisper have been ! inde , the veri first metterl laundri list serv as a perfect , near-tot introduct to this troubl genius , known to his contemporari as the `` pragu weirdo . `` 
 the hospit unit was dump in a cricket field outsid bloemfontein . a handsom pavilion , it stage , still set with a garish scene from h. m. s. pinafor , serv as the main ward . 
 it taught lee the necess of simpler method and organ . it serv it immedi purpos , howev , in reliev the threat against richmond , and it suppli a larg part of his armi with superior small-arm . 
 onli slight over 100,000 of such hous had been built by 1952 , but between 1964 and 1966 this figur doubl , some 30 per cent of build take place with low-interest public loan for small-incom families. privat save serv as anoth reliabl indic of econom improv . 
 unfortun , mani japanes still mistak the compani for the french maker of fanci cigarett lighter , s.t. dupont. soon , a 20-stori offic tower will serv as du pont 's headquart . 
 when the research began publish their theori in 1969 , biochemist around the world form battl line , launch experi to prove or to disprov them. critic charg that superoxid could n't possibl be involv in cell ' chemistri and that , therefor , the blue-green residu that the duke research call superoxid dismutas was realli serv some other , unknown function . 
 on the frozen rink in the 1880 's there were no goali ' cage . what serv as a goal were two pole bore into the ice . 
 the zero-zero option will remov a vital part of the architectur of deterr that can not be replac soon. the cruis and persh ii missil serv a combin of function that are essenti to nato strategi in an age of grow soviet militari superior . 
 in the past forti year a group of new and unit meet have been develop , main on colleg campus , which have ignor the divis of the past . scatter from the east coast to the west , these new meet are serv as bridg between the differ group . 
 it princip function was to demarc the nomad to the north from the sedentari to the south . it serv also as a mean of communic across northern china . 
 and last novemb , texa air , which own continent , peopl express and new york air , bought eastern airlin for $ 600 million. loui marckesano , a transport analyst with janney montgomeri scott inc. in philadelphia , predict that for the forese futur , the airlin industri will be domin by the larger compani , with the smaller one serv as `` adjunct . . . forc to remain in a geograph area or on a specif rout system . '' 
 next were the cover stori in the major newsmagazin , with the artist 's busi manager-wif talk about the `` love '' that the pictur were suppos to express , and the report sale price of more than $ 10 million. then there was the nation galleri of art 's rush to exhibit the pictur , and the announc of the book that serv as catalog for the show ( publish by harri n. abram ) , the first art book to becom a book-of-the-month club main select , with edit forthcom in a number of foreign countri . 
 becaus of a lack of other garbage-dump space , it owner are optimist they will be grant permiss to build it 60 feet higher. mani of the counti 's school look like trailer park , with mobil home serv as makeshift classroom alongsid school build . 
 howev after sever night the emperor grew concern for the health of his general , who continu guard his tranquil at the expens of their own rest. he suggest that pictur of the general place outsid his door would probabl serv the same purpos . 
 at the same time , constant reiter of the provision charact of the feder republ and it constitut ( the choic of the term `` basic law `` rather than `` constitut `` was deliber ) has creat a psycholog climat where this new state can not begin to take itself serious and to look to it intern polit and social develop . the divis too often serv as a conveni excus for the refus to face up to the agon legaci of the past , to take refug in blind anti-commun , or self-justif , or mere complac . 
 the third day the sea had moder to the point that they decid they could replac the mizzen-roy mast and rigging. fortun , among the spare spar was one that with some fit would serv . 
 among these is a corpor identifi by intellig sourc as democraci intern , or democraci inc. it report serv as an account to fund the network 's oper , and to pay for travel by key figur . 
 i have just finish a new barn , `` dichu told patrick. `` will that serv as a church where we can sacrific to your god ? 
 her approach can be term ethnographic. she give particular attent to the young child 's close bond to the mother , which serv as a prototyp for the later depend upon the social group . 
 but the frog insid him made a big hump on his long , trim bodi . and this big hump serv as a brake and slow him down . 
 after the kapp putsch and the failur of his own attempt to seiz power by forc , hitler conclud that violenc was the wrong way to achiev his end . with the german predilect for legal sanction , he decid , it was essenti to use constitut mean , if onli to destroy the constitut after it had serv his purpos . 
 life might be short here in the ice-world , jim realiz darkly. onc a man had ceas to serv his function as a hunter , he would onli be a burden on the tribe . 
 he ad , howev , that most of the negoti about the restructur of the compani had taken place between hallwood and the fdic. the arrang is a better altern than sell the bank and their asset onc they had fail , and could serv as a model for futur transact , said fdic chairman william seidman . 
 brazil is seek a quick accord with the imf that would serv as a basi for debt talk with foreign bank and western creditor govern . 
 r. r. graber and jean graber of the illinoi natur histori survey say that in the 50 year from 1907 to 1957 the state 's cardin popul increas main becaus of it northward extens . this was aid by the increas of the bird 's favorit woodi habitat more shrubberi about home ; small wood and orchard with undergrowth along their edg ; hedgerow serv as fenc . 
 when the moor invad spain this instrument becam known as rebec in the western world . a further step forward was mark by the two rosett which pierc the neck of the bodi , serv as sound-hol . 
 a document the florida democrat and his staff sent committe member on thursday list as option three type of curtail of the popular pension program , includ a one-year freez of cost-of-liv increases. after these option were disclos by this newspap friday , a spokesman for the senat said they were be remov from the document , which will serv as a start point for this week 's budget-draft session . 
 from the date of it found in august , 1790 , to the present time , the unit state coast guard has play a signific part in shape our nation 's histori . conceiv origin as a small fleet for the collect of revenu , the coast guard has grown until today it serv not onli as an arm forc but also as our foremost agenc for promot maritim safeti . 
 these find are consist with the origin plan and expect for eces. the system was design to complement guidanc program and to serv as an aid to counselor , to help them work more effect with their student by help student becom better inform . 
 but there also is a general reluct to drop the belief , so expert nurtur by the terrorist , that the abductor are mere desper victim of unspeak injustic act spontan and autonom to attract attent to their plight. thus it was , even after it becam obvious that terri wait 's role in the releas of hostag was to serv as a fig leaf for the tehran arm deal , that support for his mission remain unshaken . 
 the air forc base be studi are : blythevill and littl rock in arkansa , grand fork and minot in north dakota , whiteman in missouri , barksdal in louisiana , dyess in texa , fairchild in washington , malmstrom in montana and wurtsmith in michigan. as previous announc , warren air forc base in wyom would serv as the main oper base for the rail-car missil . 
 contribut by allan shweki a young coupl we know had to make a number of adjust when the husband , after work for sever year , enter graduat school. with their two children , they move into a small apart in one of the thin-wal `` temporari `` build that serv as married-stud hous at renssela polytech . 
 zack had just told martin dune of his experi at the edg of the lava field , hope that their common enmiti of the sleeper clan would yet turn into a common bond between himself and wendi 's father . the ambush had also serv as an excus to come here , avert for a while a showdown on whether dune would permit a friendship with wendi . 
 lt. col. north , howev , retain at least one element of the plan in his next attempt to free the hostag , which took place a month later. after obtain $ 2 million in ransom money from h. ross perot , the texa billionair , he again arrang to have a boat off the coast of cyprus to serv as a transfer point for the money and the remain hostag . 
 it had been built as a shelter for pig about to be butchered. now it was go to serv as a home away from home for one hundr american prison of war . 
 yet it remain there in a promin spotlight , a monument to instabl . if it could perform it function of provid a stabl market and adequ liquid for the trade of stock without induc the not infrequ mass mania , it would be serv an extrem use purpos . 
 each of the four iron atom in a hemoglobin molecul , for instanc , is a `` handl `` to which oxygen molecul becom attach , to be carri throughout the bodi in the red pigment of the blood . in plant an atom of magnesium serv as the structur hub of everi molecul of chlorophyl . 
 lie is the conscious version of denial , the defens mechan which oper on an unconsci level ( chapter 7 ) . it serv onli as a temporari tension-reduc , but doe not alter the problem situat which is disturb the person who is lie . 
 the panel note that sinc market price were fair high when the law was pass , this provis set a ceil abov which regul price could n't rise. now , with market price low , it serv as a price floor below which regul price ca n't drop , it said . 
 to have proof , perhaps. anyhow , when i am dead it will serv no use purpos and might prove to be a pandora 's box . 
 he was actual crying. it was grown-up undignifi grief but it would serv my purpos . 
 `` poll reveal that mani of us prefer small-town life , `` say jackson , `` and a nation growth polici should maintain and expand this choice. `` new citi will play a part in the plan , but romney stress the valu of use the social and physic structur avail in exist middle-s citi and small town to serv as futur growth center . 
 his stumbl struggl with a grock costum is a delic piec of nervous clown , and his crumbl in the face of immin death has ici , authent guignol horror. the other three name in the cast stanley rushton , robin mayfield , liam mcnulti serv their purpos admir . 
 it is veri like that the current bombard by the purveyor of magic diet and miracl cure will continue. your concept of energet should serv as a shield of armor to protect you from their missil and should allow you to direct your energi toward the kind of program outlin here . 
 a new featur , `` out in front , `` make it debut on page 80 , ( ink print ) opposit the editorial. this piquant glimps of busi life will serv as a frontispiec for the main bodi of the magazin . 
 big kahuna , a new york bar that open last fall , boast a three-dimension fiberglass `` wave '' measur 15 feet by 60 feet. jut out from it are surfboard that serv as conveni place to plop down a white-win spritzer . 
 more broad , the former station chief 's testimoni is import to understand what higher offici in the reagan administr knew about the contra suppli operation. mr. tamb said col. north serv as a conduit to these other offici in some case , and the station chief 's testimoni reinforc the ambassador 's claim that inform was pass on to cia and state depart offici . 
 he use to get onli $ 250 in an entir year from grow rice in the plot . `` in a tent that serv as rd headquart , an rd leader talk of the team 's accomplish . 
 `` it 's a hoax to put peopl without symptom on a treadmil and hook them up to an electrocardiograph , '' say robert s. lawrenc , a physician and chairman of the unit state prevent servic task forc , a feder appoint group that is studi physic examinations. a simpl blood-pressur test , for exampl , can serv as a measur of stress at a fraction of the cost and time . 
 the t'ao t'ieh invert this order and is still more horribl : it huge head is connect to one bodi on the right and anoth on the left . general it has six leg sinc the front pair serv for both bodi . 
 at the fort worth sale , for instanc , a repossess 1985 chevrolet camaro with 41,000 mile sold for $ 5,300 , rough what a bank might lend for the car and $ 1,850 less than it top retail price , accord to the kelley blue book auto-pric guide. public auto auction are n't to be confus with the larg , dealer-on sale , which serv as a clearinghous for mani of the use car sold in the u. . 
 for whatev africa final make of you , and howev incomprehens that contin begin to seem , it doe inspir you with a gnaw nostalgia , and exercis over those who have onc been there a pull as strong , i think , as the more public and legendari pull of the east . of the new england port which serv as main pumping-st to the great column of blood down south , newport was the most activ . 
 comput method corp. , white plain , n.y. for inform : circl 510 on reader card 114-115. the telecommun program system let 16-bit minicomput interfac with and serv as front-end processor for system / 360 and 370 cpu 's . 
 i was look down a hole some five feet squar , which descend straight into the dark of the earth . i replac the platform which was serv as a wooden shield , went back to the car , got my geiger counter , and start explor . 
 u.s. offici explain that hanoi equat public divis with nation weak -- just as it did when public opinion was divid dure the war itself -- and that onli by present a unit front can the u.s. persuad vietnam and lao to cooperate. `` we reject divis tactic , know that the rambo of the 1980s serv the same purpos as the jane fonda of the 1970s , '' recent wrote ann mill griffith , the execut director of the nation leagu of famili of american prison and miss in southeast asia , who has repres the u.s. in hanoi . 
 these are rough time for the dozen of u.s. , japanes and european merchant bank in hong kong whose main busi has been to arrang the foreign loan of asian countries. in the 1970s and earli 1980s , mani foreign bank open merchant bank in hong kong becaus the coloni serv as the region syndicated-loan center . 
 in august , when the olymp game were be held in germani , compulsori militari servic was extend to two years. the olymp , stage with great pomp and pageantri , were meant to serv as a demonstr of regain german strength and resolut . 
 across one end was an old-fashion grate and mantel , and abov them a larg plate glass mirror . just now the room was serv as a bedroom . 
 exampl : agreement , confer ; some of these note should be read and initi by other particip anyth about which you may have to testifi later employ record , includ date , duti , salari , name of chief dental record idea deal with invent or discoveri ; for legal reason these should be date and also sign by a wit medic record which may provid lifesav inform speech you have made tax record some of the note in this classif may turn out to be so valuabl in the futur that they might well be store in a fire-resist cabinet , or safe , along with invest and insur records. the written remind doe more than serv as a substitut for rememb . 
 bank record show that lake resourc deposit an estim $ 200,000 direct into fdn account in octob 1985. they also show it also serv as a conduit of money to support a secret contra arms-suppli oper overseen by col. north in 1985 and 1986 . 
 she wore a full black shirt down to the top of her muddi boot and a white blous cover by a larg rust wool scarf fold into a triangl and thrown over her shoulder so that it cover her back down to the waist . the point of the long side were tuck into a brown velvet sausag roll that held her togeth and serv as a money belt and carryal . 
 for some segment of the popul , status , success , and drink go hand in hand . it is as true in profession circl as in blue-collar group that alcohol serv as a symbol of prestig to mani peopl . 
 it doe not mean that we are go to prescrib quota or numer standard which a communiti must meet . `` this year romney ask congress for legisl place limit on zone , which has wide serv as an instrument of hous segreg , intent or unintent . 
 she wish she had not start this . it had led nowher , suppli no answer , serv no purpos other than to hurl her back to the first dread , fantast question . 
 the church , no less squalid than the rest of the build , still had a roof . without water or light or toilet , it serv for quarantin . 
 but the fallaci of judg the state of autom by such sophist develop is that the avail menu of technolog is unbalanc . it serv littl purpos to buy the latest marvel in high-product machineri if it prolif output is simpli go to pile up on the factori floor while the rest of the plant lag behind . 
 death and burial alway took place on the same day . as a matter of fact , the onli delay incur between the two was the time need to construct the box that serv as the coffin . 
 though he is almost certain to join messrs. mccarthi and wallac in polit retir , mr. hart may serv a use function in pri ajar an encrust polit process in which candid endless debat onli the cross of t 's and the dot of i 's in public polici . 
 both build were steel frame embed in concret , but the concret was not express on the exterior. steel i-beam paint black were appli to the facad to serv as window mullion and to provid vertic accent . 
 `` did she say i was give it up ? `` `` she take it for grant now that it has serv it purpos . 
 after tri vain to think of a way to persuad him that these mous triplet were special , i went to the bedroom and consid the cupboard behind the cook stove. it surround the lower part of the chimney , took up a lot of space , was dark , smelli , imposs to clean , and did n't seem to serv ani use purpos . 
 dub sir koff-a-lot , the special made bear is pop up in recoveri room nationwide. when hug by patient who have undergon open-heart surgeri , it serv as a pain-reliev splint . 
 the term of the warsaw pact commit the eight nation to go to war if ani one of them was attack dure the next twenti year ; and they also gave the soviet union the right to station red armi troop on the territori of the other member state . it soon becam clear that the treati had a doubl purpos , for it serv as a bargain point in soviet deal with the west , and it tighten the communist hold on eastern europ . 
 his mother , frigga , shed so mani tear over baldur 's death that they cluster on the sprig and turn into white berries. determin that the parasit should never do evil again , frigga declar that thereaft it should serv as a token of love rather than hate , and ask that all who pass beneath it kiss symbol . 
 onc european investor get use to the floating-r secur and realiz `` they have n't been so bad after all , '' the investor may be will to look at other kind of offerings. `` it serv as an excel catalyst to introduc all sort of mortgag product . '' 
 on 24 june 1784 , carl theodor decre a general prohibit of all secret societi ; freemason in bavaria and the palatin obey at onc , and the illuminati were compel to follow suit a year later . weishaupt fled to his protector in gotha , and in bavaria that dark set in again which serv everi despot govern as the most favor pre-condit for it rule . 
 beyond that , he say , improv the cultur scene make cheyenn `` a more salabl commod '' with prospect employees. elsewher , corpor patronag has serv as a cultur stimulus . 
 his musician are 30 control who sit at four row of gray comput consol . the first row is known as `` the trench , `` becaus it serv as the front line for the whole oper . 
 that it did not is due to an act of statesmanship by presid john f. kennedi and congress in 1962 , make it possibl for the nation of the world to share in the benefit of space communic , with no string attach . the unpreced offer led to the format of the intern telecommun satellit consortium ( intelsat ) , a uniqu commerci ventur which serv as a model of what intern cooper can , and should , be . 
 in human behavior the parallel are shown by a whole list of word that can pass back and forth between the context of food and sex : appetit , hunger , satiat , starv . from the biolog point of view , food ( nutrit ) serv for the mainten and develop of the individu ; sex ( reproduct ) for the mainten and develop of the speci or popul . 
 the tavern was old , built in 1644 , and stood on the same side of main street as center church . it not onli serv as inn and `` victual hous `` for travel , but as post offic and general gather place for hartford citizen . 
 and that was just the begin ; in 1939 , he put out `` finnegan 's wake , '' onc and for all establish a record for aesthet pervers that seem secur against assault for as long as the liffey shall run. that joycean achiev -- an irish intellectu mandarin 's version of cockney rhyme slang , reinvent from the materi of myth , legend , most religion -- could ( although it should n't ) serv as well as the poetri of w.b. yeat as an introduct to export irish literatur for the common reader . 
 but the move , disclos in an unusu news releas spell out the exist of what was suppos to be a secret investig by the commiss 's staff , indic that the agenc like believ such violat are relat frequent. jeffrey zuckerman , director of the ftc 's bureau of competit , said in an interview that the announc was intend to serv as a warn that the agenc intend to punish those who fail to compli with the report requir of the hart-scott-rodino antitrust law . 
 mozart went farthest along the path of italian carefre in his litania de venerabili altari sacramento of march 1772 ( k. 125 ) , in which he took a work by his father as a model and surpass it . the text actual serv onli for privat devot ; but leopold or wolfgang nevertheless perform the work , or wish to perform it , in munich in the hour servic of new year 's day , 1775 . 
 `` gordon return from each visit to the far east with further acquisit for what appar was a most extraordinari privat collect of rare orient art . those who had glimps it report that the chateau 's librari , which serv as gordon 's privat studi , was an overpow blend of mediev gothic and centuri of asian cultur . 
 at dinner it is handi for sop up gravy. bread 's greatest use , of cours , is at lunch time when , thank to the invent of john montagu , the fourth earl of sandwich , it serv well as an edibl wrapper for the food one realli want to eat . 
 that descript sum up our attitud toward most girl . they serv main as a sweetmeat to fill our sex appetit . 
 she was scarc half a thumb in height so they call her thumbelina . an eleg polish walnut shell serv thumbelina as a cradl , the blue petal of a violet were her mattress and a rose leaf her coverlid . 
 the council , say the nato handbook in clear and care prose , `` is play an indispens daili role as a forum and clear hous for the widest possibl consult between member govern . `` but polit consult had never been the council 's main busi ; until the mid-1960 's the perman repres spent most of their time serv as the board of director of the nato defens system , itself a full-tim job . 
 the wide public accept of aerob indic that these object have been at least partial achiev . the present volum serv a differ purpos . 
 it is a frank , intim , day-by-day account of their grope toward the truth concern surviv . the book serv as an inspir to stewart edward white , and he refer to it frequent in his own psychic work . 
 in ani case , america has not realli stood between japan and communist china , and the incomplet of the relationship between the two is basic becaus of peke 's intransig and japan 's interest in taiwan . still , among the general public , japan 's unsatisfactori relationship with communist china is blame princip on the unit state and serv as a major strain in the relat between the two countri . 
 tavern were the way station for the stagecoach that were begin to link the coloni togeth . there were no hotel , so the upstair room of the grogshop serv for the travel who had to stay overnight to await the next stage . 
 build and hous plan are never fulfilled. our price and our monetari valu relationship serv no purpos at all . 
 it was to do with the situat we were in . ( an evas which has serv at mani a top-brass crisi confer . ) 
 there were the spare oar , veri true. they would serv as roof beam , but with what was i to cover them ? 
 the plan , draft by chairman lawton chile ( d. , fla. ) of the senat budget committe , would allow militari spend to rise at a rate equal to inflat , but onli if presid reagan agre to an $ 18.3 billion tax increas also contain in the budget resolution. the senat resolut must be reconcil with a house-pass plan that call for an $ 18 billion tax increas , befor it can serv as a guid to futur congression action . 
 superflu in height were , howev , more than account for by defici in other respect . he was exceed thin ; and might , as his associ assert , have answer , when drunk , for a pennant at the mast-head , or , when sober , have serv for a jib-boom . 
 perhap some corpor should be equal stubborn. that classic of scienc fiction , a connecticut yanke in king arthur 's court , might well serv as a parabl of the present-day predica of scienc and technolog . 
 it has been fun write about the home and it function a mixtur of so mani uniqu ingredi and patterns. mani of them you , too , are awar of in your own home , but let these serv as a remind of the import of a happi home life . 
 `` we ve been extrem care sinc jack file the ( presidenti ) exploratori committe not to use these other entiti in a way that would advanc the presidenti campaign , '' say mr. black , the campaign manager. the various kemp committe serv their purpos while they last . 
 plain indian medicin men also wear unusu headdress and elabor costum . one blackfoot medicin man cover his bodi with the skin of a yellow bear , it head serv as a mask . 
 each of us has to follow his project through , for that is the disciplin of manhood ; but we can be sure it will do noth to improv the univers . it will have serv no real purpos . 
 anoth method has been propos which will util two orbit satellit and thousand of balloon suspend in the upper atmosphere. each balloon will serv as an autom weather observ , report it find to the orbit satellit . 
 in the heat of a may afternoon , thousand of navi men pour over the bridg into the well-kept garrison of tromoey , which had been a german coast-artilleri base for year . our enlist men were billet in barrack ; fred and i join a group of offic and took over a neat farmhous that had serv as a club . 
 the lieutenant-governor has his offic in the bedroom where queen liluokalani was imprison . whenev the legislatur is not in session , the first floor of iolani palac serv as a museum of the monarchi . 
 an area that can not be reach is obvious not be put to use . on the other hand , one reach too easili becom a mere `` resort `` to which peopl flock for purpos just as well serv by golf cours , swim pool , and summer hotel . 
 it was friday-night crowd , which was the reason rick had chosen it. his fire-r triumph was park a block away ; heavi 's station wagon would serv for the even 's foray . 
 in a desper effort to break this stranglehold , the confeder tri build submarin , which they call david boat . use iron plate that had onc serv as part of steam boiler aboard river paddle-wheel boat , sever experiment submarin were built . 
 in the pure telepathi test there was no object or object record for the agent or sender to look at ; noth but the mental imag or thought of an object. in clairvoy test no one knew which object had been select to serv as target until the time of the checkup . 
 in 1850 philadelphia quaker josiah white die , leav a legaci for the establish of school in iowa and indiana . white 's institut serv for a decad or so as board school for promis indian student . 
 what do they realli want to do ? what purpos do the result serv ? 
 `` what are they do in b flight 's hangar , bridesman ? `` he said . the cigarett pack lay on the pack case which serv for a tabl between the two cot . 
 we did not cultiv tobacco , but found it grow wild . this we cut and cure in autumn , but if the suppli ran out the leav from the stalk left stand serv our purpos . 
 he agre , look shrewd ahead , to suppli some of the illustr , and scribner 's agre to spend $ 2,000 on it own hook for other . all of these were to becom powel 's properti as soon as they had serv their purpos in the magazin . 
 the russian took note of this with a good deal of satisfact and immedi request the use of the ceylones port of trincomale . dure the second world war this excel port serv as a base for mani anglo-american oper in the indian ocean and at one time was one of the alli ' princip base . 
 it was near twenty-first street over on ninth avenu , one of those decay chelsea block that look as though they ve been dip in wet soot , and except for a coupl of dreari bar that kept stubborn close hour , the laundromat was the onli place open . when it had been a pet shop a few year back the laundromat 's smear plate-glass window might have serv some use purpos such as give the puppi a view of the street . 
 final , with the passag of the 14th amend in 1868 and it extens as a control over the state in our own centuri , the substant good often gain by allow governor discret in these matter has becom less imperative. howev , while it is still around , reflect upon dennison can serv as antidot to two blind prejudic , pervas among student and faculti , that i ve encount as a teacher of constitut law . 
 young quantz live for seven year with uncl justus and his son-in-law , adam fleischhack , be train not onli in violin-play , but also master the obo , trumpet , cornet , and trombon , and studi composit . he heard antonio vivaldi 's violin concerto for the first time in pirna ; they made a great impress on the young man , and later serv him as model for his own composit . 
 green parti deputi otto schili , for instanc , suggest a `` mitteleuropa '' peac union that would lead to the gradual dissolut of the north atlant treati organ and the warsaw pact. the two germani and their neighbor would serv as an east-west `` buffer zone '' in this neutral process . 
 it had a high , vault ceil , random-width floorboard , and a huge stone fireplac where four or five big log were begin to blaze . overhead , an open balconi line with bunk evid serv as a dormitori . 
 the final movement is introduc by a kind of dark heroic cavatina of the first violin and then turn to g major , but it is the disconsol major that mozart util in so mani of his last works. the theme of this rondo seem somewhat too trivial to serv as the resolut of the three preced movement , and creat a slight shock each time it reappear after the `` episod . '' 
 add howard sinclair-jon , execut director of the ontario council of agenc serv immigr , `` canada is shortsight in assum onli peopl with money make an econom contribution. '' but propon of the new fund say they serv a use purpos . 
 we have over 300 differ titl , rang from how to lick a mole ( garden varieti ) to how to grow nut in your backyard ( sometim it 's easi to go nut ! ) . these leaflet serv two purpos : they give reader inform for their green thumb librari , and they help us answer letter . 
 you ve got the shutter down. '' myung-sik chung , presid of south korea 's pohang iron & steel co. , agre : `` they ( quota ) were necessari to give the u.s. steel industri time to restructur , and now they have serv their purpos . '' 
 they may each be use slowli , as when the engin is idl or the bodi is in the basal state , or they may be use at a rapid rate , as when the car is race or the individu is exercising. they both repres the balanc between energi acquir and energi expend , and serv as a reserv store of energy. fatti tissu provid such an effici way to store energi that all anim tend to deposit greater or lesser amount of it within their bodi to serv this vital function . 
 the select committe , he had heard , was compos of old china hand , supercargo who knew the languag and customs. it function was to serv as an agenc between the indiamen and the hong merchant , arrang for a commiss , the purchas and sale of good and the payment of custom duti impos by the emperor . 
 `` the downtown theatr , the avon , had onc been a home for tour play and music comedi . after that it had serv as the local movi hous . 
 among other thing , the broader coverag reflect ms. karpatkin 's person interests. each week on a new york radio show , she serv as the liber counterweight to mobil corp. 's outspoken public relat man , herbert schmertz . 
 the board also remov jerold c. hoffberg , an outsid director , as chairman of the compani 's execut committe , a posit he had long held , accord to sourc close to the company. mr. fthenaki was then instal as chairman of the committe that in the past had serv as a sound board for manag . 
 he puf energet until his face grew red , blow the skin up like a bellow that help to smelt the tin . but the stream of air , instead of serv some use purpos , was blown through a hollow length of bone that had been pierc with a row of hole . 
 here they becam reindeer herdsmen and use their dog to herd and guard the reindeer . the dog also serv as pet and draft anim , pull sledg . 
 airlin lay out their cabin differ , and delta forc sharpshoot need to practic with twa 's exact layout befor burst into the hijack plane. the borrow jet would also serv as a trojan hors of sort . 
 when he was n't around , i even practic catch a ball behind my back , although i did n't dare let him catch me at it. it was onli a stunt , and he would say that stunt like that would serv no good purpos dure a real basebal game . 
 nobodi can do anyth out here. i 'm just the guy who decid that whatev happen , you and i will keep the law off the broad becaus put the law to the broad would serv no purpos in this case . '' 
 the faa 's supply-sid propos do not address this demand condition. we can start by rais land and takeoff fee , for exampl , until they serv as market-clear price . 
 half the structur was laid waste. until then the 2,134-year-old build had serv continu as a templ , a church and a mosqu , presum under a sound roof . 
 the system has lost $ 4.8 billion sinc 1985 alon , and start today the hous will be debat a bailout packag to keep the 71-year-old system afloat. in return for their support for the bailout , the bank and insur industri are demand creation of a government-sponsor entiti call `` farmer mac , '' which would serv as a secondari loan market in farm mortgag . 
 through much of the last centuri , rjr has hire entir famili , and provid them with low-cost hous , day care , even band concert and basebal games. it was rjr , or it founder , who help give winston-salem a center for the art , influenc wake forest univers to come to the citi and rais a build so strike -- the tobacco compani 's headquart built in 1929 -- it serv as a model for new york 's fame empir state build . 
 the follow instruct and procedur are suggest in teach and learn the higher level skill stroke , such as : the instruct may be conduct with or without the aid of float devices. this procedur will serv as a guid to conform to the all-strok armbrust method of teach beginn in the area of the high skill swim stroke . 
 seek stori that the child 8 to 12 will eager read , and the child 2 to 6 will like to hear when read to him. `` we print no stori just to be read aloud ; they must serv a two-fold purpos . 
 it forc goug out deep bay and inlet which provid excel shelter port at emden , wilhelmshaven , bremerhaven and hamburg. the forden ( fjord ) on schleswig-holstein 's baltic coast serv a similar purpos , and the port of kiel , lubeck and travemund are connect with the mouth of the elb by the kiel canal . 
 they also account for a good bit of taiwan 's disproportion larg expenditur for it militari establishment. the island thus serv onli as an irrit to the communist and a smolder fire that might rekindl a broader conflagr . 
 even after year of marriag , mani coupl have never develop an understand of each other 's viewpoint , much less a way to resolv the differences. would a discuss of `` have sex '' versus `` make love '' and `` man the master '' versus `` equal right for women '' serv ani purpos in your household ? 
 can you find ani place on the globe which can not be connect to one of the ball ? could two satellit serv the same purpos ? 
 chilean film , for exampl heretofor complet unknown beyond the nation border may no longer remain so , if one may judg from three exampl screen at the recent uruguayan festiv , `` cinema of the third world. `` there are obvious mani young cineast at work in chile especi in the documentari field and perhap allend 's come to power may serv as a spur . 
 their touch and glanc were light , as if they were afraid of the bruis they 'd left. they seem to be search for an attitud that would serv , and as they search a littl humor got in it , and a littl pain . 
 `` and you know , if you know this citi , that my polici is maximum secur , maximum polic presenc , minimum force. `` i hope my remark at this session serv as a sober warn to those who have come here : you are welcom as long as you do n't disrupt . 
 if you ador adorn your cloth with hemstitch , embroideri , and similar frill , you ll want the machin with all the featur and find it easi enough to oper if you re motiv to spend some time in read the instruct book and practic the oper techniqu it describes. but , if your tast run to interest fabric textur and simplic of line , the simpler model will serv your purpos and save your money . 
 the farmhous itself was well construct , with wide board floor and a roof of hand-split wood shingl . as in log-cabin day the kitchen serv as the famili live room , with iron and copper kettl and cook utensil hang in place about the spacious fireplac . 
 it was not uncommon , say 30 year ago , to see light har hors pull plow or harrows. in fact , there are still some section of the countri where light har hors serv as general-purpos hors on small farm . 
 the english guinea pig is a short-hair type . in modern time the guinea pig has serv as a valuabl laboratori anim , both for medic and biolog research . 
 after all , communist yugoslavia did increas it own option with the adopt of cosmet and never-end `` democratization. '' as such , it has serv as a trojan hors for communism in the third world. ( egypt 's nasser emul tito by set up polit entiti under govern control , while daniel ortega is onli follow the yugoslav 1945-1950 recip for consolid marxist power . ) 
 congress has ask it to suggest way to provid health care for the homeless. the social secur administr want it to figur out whether physic pain can be measur with suffici precis to serv as a basi for disabl payment . 
 if these question have enabl you to reliv some of your past experi , you may have felt again the joy or despair you felt then. if you still feel the same way you felt when you had these experi , they can serv as clue to the strength of your various need . 
 but the pilgrim were skeptic , especi when the dutch ask s5 ( $ 12^50 ) a fathom for these string of white and purpl beads. fashion of periwinkl and quahog shell , they seem mere to serv a decor purpos and to fall into the class of `` gay apparel , `` someth not to be encourag even among the indian . 
 in a may 5 , 1986 , articl , pravda set forth the doctrin basi for the soviet state 's continu total control of the media and the subordin of factual report to the object of the state : `` the parti consid televis , radio , and the press as a power instrument of public and social control. . . . true to leninist precept , the soviet press serv as a collect propagandist , agit and organ of the mass . '' 
 weston 's men were interf with the pilgrim ' trade , inflat price by offer the indian almost anyth for a hat of corn . the attack serv the tripl purpos of elimin this harm competit , get rid of the troublesom wituwamat , who had defi standish , and quell the indian unrest caus by wessagusset 's plan to attack them . 
 `` it would avail nothing. that would serv no purpos . 
 from this inform he could identifi the object . your skin serv your bodi as the sens organ for the sens of touch . 
 it was a larg , squar room with wainscot wall and a fine crystal chandeli . against one of the wall , two bridg tabl cover with a cloth serv as a buffet . 
 so here , too , one can see the myopia that afflict the public vision. one of the key valu of social-sci research is that it can help serv as a correct len for the `` common sens `` belief through which the public view societi . 
 in acadian louisiana the term was commonplac for christma gift until recent year , and is still heard occasion . in rome , strena serv as good-luck charm . 
 they continu until 1907 . the quartet was distinguish for it unembellish classic interpret of beethoven 's entir chamber music output and has serv as a model ever sinc . 
 at the same time , western-st senat said the budget panel 's plan discrimin against them by rais graze fee and timber-clear costs. the goal , member said , is to devis a document that can serv as a statement of prioriti for the democrat parti and that also can win the support of 51 of it 54 member in the 100-seat senat . 
 a sever earthquak in one part of the pacif basin can make a shock wave that is like drop the biggest rock you can imagin into the veri full dishpan of the sea . the eddi travel out as fast as the speed of sound , until they reach an obstacl that serv as the edg of the dishpan . 
 republican , in the minor on the house-sen confer , refus to assent to the document. the resolut , which doe n't requir the presid 's signatur , would serv as a framework for appropri and tax-writ panel . 
 howev , fragment of bison and antelop bone indic here , as in other place , that the folsom spearmen usual hunt the straight-horn bison typic of the time. dawson pick out sever place near rio rancho where cutbank and low stoni ridg might serv as a hide place for the hunter . 
 but it doe not give you reason assur of perman employ throughout your lifetime. and so while it can serv as a use step stone , it should not be consid to be more than that . 
 ling-l ambl out of her crate , snif tentat , roam about her new apart , and seem satisfied. hsing-hs , less of an extrovert , prompt retreat to the dark alcov that would serv as his den . 
 also , it is less difficult and hazard to anchor to the bottom of the sea. link believ that wherev diver may be engag in underwat oper for prolong period , spid can serv as a dri shelter from their labor . 
 corpor lawyer plan merger `` are go to be read these guidelin , '' mr. van de kamp said , and `` they re go to have to take us into account. '' the guidelin will serv `` as a catalyst , a spur to increas enforc '' of antitrust law , said new york attorney general robert abram , a persist critic of the administr and , like mr. van de kamp , a democrat . 
 the cross at herod rise at the meet of two wall of coars workmanship , without mortar , at the edg of the road . an irregular block has been prop up , and it round shape serv as a pedest . 
 i did not know this hous . in youth it had been ernesta who in summer visit aunt cecilia and serv as painter 's model in the studio down the hill . 
 critic of the administr note that mani of the presid 's propos are recycl from previous budgets. `` it 's the same old bag of trick , '' complain gari bass , execut director of omb watch , a liberal-lean group that serv as a self-styl `` watchdog '' of the offic of manag and budget . 
 so are five other w.r. grace director and countless present and former offic and aides. mani serv as link in mr. grace 's philanthrop network . 
 the newli form cell in the root tip form tissu of differ kinds. some tissu in a root serv as tube carri water and miner in the water to the leav of a plant . 
 most diver in island water carri a long line on which to string their catch . the end of this line is tie to an empti plastic bleach bottl , which serv as a buoy to keep the line float so the diver can tow his catch a safe distanc behind . 
 mani time , as a part of their ceremoni , they place thing in the soil , such as dead animals. these dead anim did serv as natur fertil , but in most case the natur environ was just right for farm , regardless of what the priest did . 
 texa air has been the subject of critic for it high debt , but unlik unit can compens for the high carri cost becaus it has much lower wage scales. it was n't immedi clear whether the recapit plan also violat certain maximum debt provis of the compani 's recent aircraft financ arrang with seattle-bas boe co. , which was design to serv part as an anti-takeov measur and involv the issuanc of $ 700 million of note . 
 fish help me make the costum , and amanda made a sword out of cardboard and tinfoil . the play was perform in the garag , the cave serv as the wing , and mother and daddi and fish and barrett and mr. and mrs. wallac were the audienc . 
 the water , of cours , is need by a plant to produc the food that it must have. as the root grow to a water sourc , they serv anoth use purpos . 
 for over a year the king had been send , through the agenc of madam blavatski , letter to olcott and other spiritualist . while the tuitit bey letter was doubtless just a momentari inspir , it serv madam 's purpos admir . 
 some expert disagre , however. michael mcconnel , anoth univers of chicago law professor , argu that , `` the senat can onli serv as a check on abus by the presid . '' 
 this of cours hard explain adult play , except that adult may need to rehears activ too . anoth explan is that play serv as a releas for surplus energi an idea that ani human parent can understand . 
 lack a new approach , the govern -- especi the u.s. -- have been unwil to risk conven a g-7 meet whose result would be subject to intens market scrutiny. a joint statement , reaffirm the principl of the louvr pact , if not it detail , could serv as a hold action until a major plan can be develop next year to overhaul or replac the februari agreement . 
 `` yes , and whi not ? fight stock serv best for that purpos econom . 
 but the materi would requir time to prepar , leav the vanda unshelt . a garag would have serv for a night or two , but herman own no garag . 
 the decis is subject to approv by the intern revenu service. under the arrang , puget power would be allow to transfer as much as $ 100 million in accumul defer invest tax credit into non-util account , where the fund will serv as a non-cash supplement to earn for the next three year . 
 mr. nelson , who is relat to two senior care enterpris offici , own about 10 % of care 's class a common and about 22 % of it class b common , repres a total of 1.8 million shares. the share would serv as collater for the loan . 
 a cayman island corpor believ to be control by richard miller , the conserv publicist , funnel privat money to nicaraguan insurg and to a panamanian firm the nation secur council use in it secret iran-contra operations. bank record for the contra ' nicaraguan democrat forc ( fdn ) indic that the corpor , intel co-oper inc. , serv as a conduit for privat contribut to the insurg . 
 by some estim , onli one in five patient fit into that category. howev , bill charg also serv as a start point for negoti over discount . 
 i wonder , romant , whether the captain 's wife had stood here watch for the first sight of his sail . there were widow ' walk in mani of the big hous along this coast ; this vantag point might have serv the same purpos . 
 until the last centuri , the hebrew languag made use of alphabet letter both for spell and for numer notat . the first letter of the hebrew alphabet `` alef , `` also serv as the numer 1 . the second letter , `` bet , `` serv also as 2 , and so on . 
 some daydream on a conscious level is use as a healthi releas from the tension of daili life. it may serv too as an incent and stimul the daydream on to greater achiev . 
 he quick drop the feloni charges. the radio equip was destroy , so `` no further government purpos would be serv by pursu the crimin charg , '' he said . 
 mr. kawamura say that , in the current turbul era , he has littl patienc for the tradit japanes manag style in his own company. it 's in the elit japanes govern ministri where the tradit bottom-up style flourish unab , and has serv as a trend setter for big-compani bureaucraci . 
 `` japan has to recogn that ( it ) economi is exceed vulner , '' mr. shultz said. the remark , while similar to comment that mr. shultz and other cabinet member have made in the past , serv as a new warn to japan that it must take step to reduc it huge trade surplus . 
 even then , malcolm 's eloqu was evid with all the polish and the finess he later was to use , rapier-lik , to reduc his oppon to ineffect apologist for the status quo . as he continu unfold his talk to convinc me of the worth of the muslim movement , his word serv as a bewitch point , transfix me . 
 the system was design to aid pdp-11 user in develop and execut a broad spectrum of softwar program . while a program is under develop , the system serv as a softwar interfac with the program be written . 
 some research feel , howev , that it doe not offer anyth that can not present be done more econom and effici in other way . as a news medium , for exampl , it serv no real purpos . 
 the back portion of the head below the ear should ride under the surfac . the head in this posit serv as a rudder . 
 rubinstein found a cottag for his famili in the littl villag of saint-nicholas-de-veroce. he rent the onli upright piano in the villag and put it in a windowless garag that would serv as a studio . 
 discard those idea which are least useful. idea which remain may serv as head in your outlin and should help you develop the tone and tempo of your theme . 
 they would never be drag out to be shown to friend or busi acquaint . in fact , they serv no use purpos whatsoev other than to add to the basement clutter . 
 not all of the volunt are sight blind peopl are abl to dial a telephon , too. kindr hobbi and interest serv as a basi for the newli develop friendship . 
 but near all document the benefici effect aerob has had on their lives. it has been imposs to respond to all of these letter , so i hope that this book will in some way serv as a mean of communic with dedic aerob fan everywher . 
 lack domest ventur capit , arevalo organ the instituto de fomento de la produccion in 1948 to capit econom develop with govern fund . although initi a financ agenc , infop has also serv as a develop corpor that conduct survey of the economi , make plan for futur develop project , and manag government interest in numer econom activ . 
 the program techniqu use to implement computer-bas system satisfi this definit . but we must rememb that a purpos is practic if it serv ani use function . 
 displac , identif and project are other version of compens . displac is the transfer of an emot from the origin object or person to which it might more natur be direct to anoth object or person which serv as an accept altern . 
 the interrel between the solidar of march and hymn and the solitari of the blue is more subt evid in chime blue ( 15 ) . the tune itself is a twelve-bar blue , but the improvisatori chorus creat an a b c d c structur that come straight from march music , with strain d serv as trio . 
 `` the cap'n has him quarter in the treasuri build ! `` under emerg condit , the cellar of the treasuri depart then serv as an offic ' remount stabl . 
 but more import , by his reaction to her sexual blandish , it had tri to gaug his devot to his family. onli if he truli care for them could they serv as effect hostag . 
 embryogen just in recent week contract with upjohn co. , the big kalamazoo , mich.-bas drug maker , to work on genet alter laboratori anim , mr. holtzman said. the goal is to develop such anim as mice that have condit similar to human ailment and that can serv as experiment model and test anim for human drug . 
 other town of that day , like salem or newburyport or new bedford , perhap more prosper , perhap more world , sometim have a more eleg architectur : but the plan and scale of all speak of order societi whose enorm independ builder contriv to produc individu hous that did not contradict the whole . what they built look well in mani landscap , serv effici in mani climat , could be built of mani materi , permit a good amount of adapt . 
 american diplomat say china 's increas critic of u.s. foreign polici and grow recept to soviet overtur are part of peke 's effort to find middl ground where it can best manipul the three-way relationship. one senior british diplomat say the chines are turn the strateg triangl into a seesaw : the feud superpow sit at the end and china stand in the middl , manipul the balanc by move closer to one side or the other , depend on what cours serv it best at the moment . 
 so the lunar modul becam a two-stag spacecraft in which each stage has it own propuls system . the descent stage , onc it job is done , is uncoupl and left behind on the moon , while the ascent stage serv as the ferri to the rendezv point . 
 these physicist are more-or-less right , of cours , but none of this is news to anyon follow sdi , let alon to the offic conduct the research. in read the 424-page report ( avail for $ 200 ) , we could n't help but wonder what purpos is serv by have 17 physicist with other full-tim job tri to second-guess the pentagon 's multibillion dollar , 2,000-person-strong sdi effort . 
 but size alon doe n't fulli describ nomura 's grow import in the major leagu of world finance. it also serv as a princip agent in the recycl of japan 's enorm buildup of wealth . 
 use respons , ani of them can be tremend helpful. intellectu serv a vital function . 
 onc the basic cubicl is construct , rock and dirt are pile around and over the structur with an open left at the top for a skylight , which is the onli window . the skylight is sometim cover with ordinari window glass , but more often the transluc membran of a walrus stomach serv the purpos quit well . 
 as previous report , santa clara , calif.-bas intel last month termin a 10-year licens agreement with advanc micro after that compani charg that intel had violat the so-cal second-sourc pact by withhold licens for it 80386 microprocessor and 8087 co-processor chips. the 80386 chip is intel 's latest and most power microprocessor and serv as the brain of person comput made by intern busi machin corp. and their clone . 
 the arm in this posit close resembl a boomerang. the hand and forearm are swept downward and serv as a base of anchorag for the shoulder to be pull forward over them . 
 the flabbergast teen back off. more often , mr. pritchard 's comedi serv as a counsel tool . 
 in the next , dark seem to well up out of the ground , return the gorg to it primev past . the boy were glad enough then to sit around the fire with the kikuyu , or join their parent in the three-sid thatch shelter that serv as workroom and dine room combin . 
 morgan stanley , a 1983 insider-trad suit in which no damag were award , present an obstacle. but some lawyer say that decis was too narrow to serv as a preced for mani of the current case . 
 few book on this subject present as wide a rang of empir data and as unbias an inventori of prevail opinion. it veri ambigu and inconclus serv as a healthi correct to the recurr attempt by both friend and foe of the multin corpor to portray it as a homogen forc for good or for evil . 
 this has led to the belief that the region below the sea floor must contain deposit of the same miner found beneath the land masses. the underwat vehicl , equip with sensit detect devic , could serv as the ideal tool for explor and survey potenti rich miner area . 
 he did n't specifi an amount. nbd expect an early-januari complet of the sale of cirrus system inc. , the nation 's largest share network of bank automated-tel machin , to mastercard intern inc. nbd , which serv as the nationwid switch for cirrus , is one of six bank that share in it ownership and agre to the sale , valu at about $ 38 million . 
 but the dissent cloud the prospect for approv of the recommendations. although the report may have troubl with faction in the aba , it still may serv as a catalyst for action on capitol hill and in state legislatur becaus it propos chang that are more moder than those debat last year . 
 meanwhil , illinoi suggest use the `` tevatron '' particl injector at it exist fermi lab to save about $ 400 million on the new project. the fermi particl acceler , current the world 's largest , would serv as the foundat for the new facil , illinoi said . 
 sometim brandi , orang , and lemon were ad for flavor . it serv as a kind of substitut for sherri and madeira . 
 the play open with a set of waltz for orchestra play under the open scene : a whirl carousel in a gay amus park . the score was fill with all kind of other orchestr episod and interlud , sometim heard under the dialogu , sometim use to tie one sequenc to the next , sometim serv as a kind of offstag commentari . 
 as the tomcat finish it land and taxi back toward the build , it was clear the crucial test had been a triumph. the tomcat will serv as `` bodyguard `` for our aircraft carrier , those seago airfield that are so essenti to the safeti of our nation . 
 second , there is increas evid that some of the miss million generat by the iran arm sale may have disappear into the pocket of iranian officials. the tape would indic if u.s. offici knew of ani such arrang and whether ani kickback to iranian offici were intend to serv as ransom for u.s. hostag in lebanon . 
 among mani tribe , each coup earn an eagl 's feather , which account for the elabor headdress of some of the plain war leader . scalp taken from dead or wound enemi sometim serv as trophi , but they were insignific compar with count coup . 
 it felt that the govern should stimul coffe product as a mean of financ further diversif of agriculture. to this end , guatemala should consid the reorgan of the finca nacional and have them serv as model experi that privat coffe grower might imit . 
 brazil is seek a rapid accord with the intern monetari fund that would serv as a basi for debt talk with intern bank and the pari club of western creditor govern . 
 neither mexico citi nor cuzco was found by the spaniard : the conqueror simpli occupi the indian capit and gradual replac the nativ construct with edific of european style . in cuzco , part of the ancient construct sometim serv as a foundat for the new . 
 the unit state had it , too . for the eri at onc serv as the princip highway for the most thick popul and richest part of the countri . 
 for the past sixti year quaker legisl had been dodg the issu by vote money `` for the queen 's use `` or `` for the king 's use `` or `` for the purchas of bread , beef , pork , flour , wheat , and other grain `` when money for defens was demanded. this time howev no subterfug would serv . 
 such site exist in normal cell , too , but they are normal cover up and appear onli dure cell division. burger has propos that surfac alter in divid cell , both normal and cancer , serv as signal that set off synthesi of dna in the nucleus . 
 buyout analyst also look at two other ratio : equiti valu to earn and equiti valu to after-tax cash flow ( net incom plus depreci and defer tax ) . `` in take this three-prong approach , we find that each estim serv as a check on the other , '' say paul farrel , an analyst at goldman sach & co . 
 in a corner , on a second pile of hay , mike kelli and mark lay side by side , sound asleep. kelli had the rifl cradl in his left arm ; his right was stretch beneath mark 's brown head to serv as a pillow . 
 such vital drug as quinin cost $ 100 an ounc , and as a result of these outrag price , doctor and surgeon had to find substitut for the medicin or instrument they could no longer get . cottonse and willow bark substitut for quinin ; american hemlock replac opium ; a mixtur of hop and motherwort serv instead of laudanum . 
 the compani 's subcontractor must also provid employ offer to it laid-off miner , accord to the agreement. describ the agreement as `` a giant first step '' toward achiev the union 's goal of job opportun and econom secur for it member , richard l. trumka , the union 's presid , said it `` serv as a model for the kind of cooper that can exist between the coal industri and the union . '' 
 the sec economist conclud that tri to end the price run-up is dangerous. `` legitim research give some trader inform advantag and their earn serv as compens for their effort , '' the report say . 
 it was conceiv as have a function somewhat akin to that of the hous of lord , allow for moder and `` second thought `` on the part of the feder govern and the lower hous . work beyond the glare of public , the bundesrat has serv it purpos well . 
 recent event in the persian gulf serv as a time remind that the font of all problem in the middl east is not the likud bloc in israel 's govern . 
 when pass over an expans of water , it becom necessari to employ keg of copper or wood , fill with liquid ballast of a lighter natur than water. these float , and serv all the purpos of a mere rope on land . 
 dure the sprint crawl stroke the hip remain level. they serv as a base for the articul of the leg . 
 the junior high school 's messag was , `` we re watch you ; we re onto your trick ; just step out of line for one second and see how long it take for the roof to fall in on you . `` it could have serv as a model for the regul of a maximum secur prison run for except danger offend . 
 in order to give bernard some kind of meal to save the cost at the wimpi bar ... and myself , i , with a background of thirti year of spring , gallop housekeep have to get out the soap and water myself , then a knife and final paint and brush , and rip through dozen of shop bag full of refus for the lift. it turn out to be true that bloke are not angel , let alon clean angel , while their girl serv onli one purpos . 
 how did armi develop ? c how did artisan come into exist ? what need did they serv ? 
 stanley kravetz , presid of marlboro , mass.-bas frye , would n't comment on the talks. the acquisit of close held frye would fit with reebok 's strategi of diversifi it product line beyond soft-leath aerob shoe , which serv as the springboard for it phenomen growth . 
 excess liquid now goe to equiti , not to commodities. to end this financi disord and the world-wid trend to protection , we face the follow choic : either fix exchang rate base on key currenc convert direct to gold , a true intern gold standard ( we could keep say `` or some other commod , '' but monetari author have accumul over a billion ounc of gold , not platinum or pork belli or basket of good ) ; or , as some propos , we could entrust our fate to a world central bank -- a monetari unit nation -- whose credit would serv as reserv for all nation central bank , includ the feder reserv . 
 it 's time to take a look at bubbl build . you see them around : sit over somebodi 's swim pool in the suburb , or cover a tenni court , or in a factori yard serv as a storag shed . 
 daniel let a few minut pass befor he emerged. he walk casual along the sidewalk to the open end of the street and notic that the hous on the corner had a high hedg to serv as a wall between itself and the avenu . 
 in mani case , employ use test as an aid in determin aptitud cleric test for general offic worker , finger dexter test for light assembl worker , and so on. such test often serv as a tryout perform , in which the applic has a chanc to demonstr his abil . 
 the pact must be submit to congress by oct. 5 if it is to compli with a `` fast-track '' procedur for congression ratification. the u.s. has hope that a trade agreement with canada would serv as a model for more liber trade relationship with other countri . 
 he meet with mani of the 6000 visitor who come to studi human resourc school and abil , inc. , each year . he also travel the globe to explain the success of abil , which has serv as a model for similar project in some 60 foreign countri . 
 for all the blood and treasur spill and spent on the egyptian expedit of 1798-9 , the net result in term of territori , econom , or diplomat advantag to franc prove to be absolut zero . but , for onc , a foolish war serv a good purpos . 
 we must abolish the elector colleg . this curious institut serv no creativ purpos , but is calcul to produc chicaneri , fraud and uncertainti . 
 `` aliza , who has been listen , begin to interrupt him , but he goe on. `` yet i think the k-kibbutz can still serv a purpos . 
 progress construct contract are most often use when the owner financ the properti with construct loan . if the land is own free and clear , it serv as equiti for a mortgag loan which pay for the build cost in progress stage . 
 mr. iacocca will chair the institut 's advisori board onc the institut is established. lehigh said the institut will studi america 's competit ; conduct research on product and the polit and econom environ in which american industri oper , and `` serv as a clearinghous for studi of industri problem and polici . '' 
 he never said , thank you . it was as if mari were n't a person , who 'd done him a kind , but mere a languag gadget , which had serv it purpos . 
 i rememb one summer in particular becaus there was at least some excit dure a particular raini weekend . all the parent had disappear into their room after lunch and all the children had assembl in the dine hall which also serv as a ballroom and was use for concert and other festiv occas . 
 deep diver can also lay , inspect , and maintain underwat communic cables. for salvag oper this small work submers could serv not onli as an excel base for scuba diver to work from , but also as a transport for carri salvag item to the surfac . 
 member of a prosper famili and most seem to be prosper repair half a dozen time a year to the photograph 's studio to celebr the latest event. a betroth , a wed , christen , first communion , birthday , anniversari , first tooth , first menstruat , new pregnanc almost anyth will serv as a pretext . 
 an afb staff specialist on person adjust was assign to coordin the project and the next year , 1966 , he survey agenc throughout the countri and canada to secur data about the subject. this data , which includ suggest prioriti and method for develop techniqu , was to serv as the frame around which method and activ were to be develop . 
 through scatter raindrop they hurri to the common , or pastur ground , of the citi . benjamin wait insid a shed that serv as a shelter from bad weather . 
 but they felt that war was someth unclean . when a success warrior return bring the four hair of his enemi 's head that serv him for a scalp , he had to undergo the 16-day cure for insan . 
 the ifc , which will provid an $ 8.6 million loan and a $ 2.7 million equiti invest in the hungarian project , said financ arrang for the ventur `` give an import signal '' that hungari want to encourag foreign invest in the industri sector of it economy. other financ will be provid by hungarian investor , includ the hage cooper , hungari 's grain trust and the commerci & credit bank ltd. , which was establish recent to serv as a hungarian commerci bank . 
 the railroad has function substitut for a new superhighway , while spare philadelphia the burden of the automobil brought into town by such a highway . to put it anoth way , the railroad serv essenti as a remot downtown park lot and convey system . 
 i 'm not sure what the boy are do with their veri tight trouser ( i sometim wonder how they manag to get into them ) , but they hard seem to symbol moral control. and then there are the modern bath suit , skimpi , but also tight and these too hard serv for either physic or moral support . 
 view anatom , the human reproduct system was not over complic . in a femal , from the upper corner of the uterus aros the twin fallopian tube which serv as connect passageway between the uterus and the two ovari . 
 shh. `` the instant angela ravag open the door of her hotel suit to admit us i see what a misrepresent quinci 's account is , and that it must serv as some kind of protect mechan . 
 there are various theori about the function of play . one common idea is that it serv as rehears for adult activ . 
 under the arrang , washington water will be allow , over at least a three-year period , to transfer as much as $ 48.5 million in accumul defer invest tax credit into nonoper income. the fund will serv as a non-cash supplement to earn , which the compani said will help offset a recent earn declin and minim ani potenti rate increas . 
 paper , broken glass and discard cloth litter the yard . the superintend 's hous show the scar of have serv as a billiard hall and saloon . 
 morgan guaranti trust co. of new york and fuji bank & trust co. of japan were co-manag of the 10-bank syndication. morgan guaranti will serv as the agent bank . 
 instead of have to stir the water manual , modern aku fishermen are aid by a sprinkler system , a fix perman instal around the stern of each vessel . the sprinkler serv the same purpos as did the hawaiian ' method of stir the water by hand to keep it foami , and thus fool the aku into think the hook is anoth mouth of bait . 
 in the area of pap analysi , for exampl , lab technician at feder certifi lab are n't requir to pass profici test ; it is the onli common lab procedur for which such a test is n't required. congress had hope that the clinic laboratori improv act would serv as a model for individu state to regul lab not cover by feder rule . 
 the propos , by chairman lawton chile ( d. , fla. ) , would trim the deficit by about $ 37 billion in fiscal 1988 and would reduc the deficit near to zero by fiscal 1991. an aid to sen. chile said democrat on the panel have reach `` a general consensus on the rough shape and compon '' of a budget packag , which essenti is the chile propos and will serv as a start point for budget-draft session begin today . 
 he made it faultless and , at modeni ' gate , turn and call back , `` you see , it was not necessari , professor , but i thank you . `` i went on to the shop that serv as bus station and news stand , telephon offic and agricultur agenc headquart . 
 for that matter , old program ought to be subject to tough scrutini as well. otherwis the govern will sure fail to undertak some import new initi while it continu to pour money into effort that serv littl purpos . 
 encourag by a success seminar in rome in 1965-1966 , they organ a further seminar in london in 1967. they hope that the experi gain could be consolid and use to prepar document which might serv as a foundat from which similar cours could be organ in other countri . 
 bradford never refer to his wife again. the mayflow sail to plymouth harbor , and after further explor the pilgrim found two site that might serv . 
 this techniqu may be appli without difficulti whatev the structur of the given theme . this simpl kind of paraphras serv a necessari function becaus , as we have seen , the liter statement of a theme is rare satisfi on a music level . 
 in 1845 the femal depart of the new york prison associ , under the leadership of a daughter , abbi hopper gibbon , found the first halfway hous for women prison in the world. today the isaac hopper home in new york continu to serv as a haven for recent parol women and girl . 
 her cabin step becam the stair to the bedroom loft. her galley and wheelhous were roll into posit , intact , to serv as shelter for the milch goat and chicken . 
 their love affair with victorian gothic are commemor on mani colleg campus today. some of the build like memori hall at harvard and the chancellor green librari at princeton have long sinc ceas to serv their origin purpos and modern student perhap too readili wish them ill . 
 philip morri is even consid sell space to outsid advertis ; it alreadi ran an ad for time magazin on a test basi in it winter 1987 issue. besid public cigarett brand , the philip morri magazin also serv as a soapbox . 
 buzkashi , the afghan nation sport , is sort of a primit ancestor of polo and was alleg brought to afghanistan by genghi khan . it pit two team of horsemen against each other with the behead bodi of a goat serv as the `` ball . `` 
 in this , as in some other respect , we might as well extend the idea of `` cloth `` to includ ani attempt at improv on physic appear : jewelri , cosmet , tattoo , hair arrang and the like . cloth has also becom deepli involv with sex , serv sometim for modest conceal and sometim for display or advertis . 
 most worldwid export are sold through sale subsidiari like caterpillar america ( a western hemispher trade corpor ) ; caterpillar-far east , a hong-kong-bas compani ; or caterpillar oversea , s.a. , a swiss corporation. these subsidiari provid caterpillar with various tax benefit e.g. , caterpillar america pay u.s. tax at onli a 34 percent tax rate and they also serv as much-need coordin of the worldwid sell effort . 
 for four block around the kidnap hideout , 1000 soldier stood quiet , mani with fix bayonet , keep curious crowd at a safe distanc , while angle-park buse block the street to all but polic car . as part of the conting plan for oper cordon , two nearbi school were close , their playground serv as land pad for armi helicopt . 
 one of the biggest holder of bci bond was drexel itself. sourc familiar with the deal said drexel got the warrant think they might serv as an induc to bond buyer , but kept the major becaus the bond did n't sell as brisk as expect . 
 