kohlberg kravi arrang a 1984 leverag buyout of wometco broadcast inc. for about $ 800 million. wometco cabl oper cabl system serv about 362,000 subscrib , primarili in north and south carolina , georgia and louisiana . 
 mr. salamah has been assign to the mission sinc 1978. prosecutor claim that the men use `` doubl bill '' to draw more fund from saudi coffer than were need to fulfil the need of student serv by the mission . 
 two factor were consid in select these institut : ( 1 ) the percent of student enrol from out of state and ( 2 ) the percent of student resid on campus . colleg serv a local student clientel offer mani opportun and vari satisfact . 
 the depart said it was consid enforc action against the two carriers. the depart at the time said it found that mani delta and eastern flight serv atlanta arriv 15 or more minut late . 
 mellon bank corp. said it creat two special asset manag subsidiari to serv corpor and public pension fund , endow and foundat . 
 transport secretari dole grant antitrust immun to airlin serv chicago 's o'har and atlanta 's hartsfield airport . 
 brookhaven say that it has n't discrimin , that demand for lower-incom hous is n't great and that it meet the exist demand. the town also say it zone serv the public by provid for a varieti of single-famili home , condominium and rental . 
 while mani compani have been gear up for the predict boom in data communic dure the 1970 's , at least one compani the raytheon co. of lexington , mass. survey the market and found that it alreadi had the wherewith in-hous to becom a power in the commerci side of the data communic market . there was a problem , howev : the giant electron base firm knew that it data communic capabl was hous larg in raytheon unit that serv militari oper . 
 we believ this innov , made possibl by a special design comput program , will be a major benefit to busi readers. -- faster and even more reliabl deliveri for mani reader through a continu expans of the journal 's 154-citi privat deliveri network , which alreadi serv more than 740,000 journal paid subscrib in 43 state . 
 the investor group includ mark edmiston , former presid of washington post co. 's newsweek unit ; william broyl jr. , a former editor in chief of newsweek magazin ; execut of the magazin 's publish , tvsm inc. , horsham , pa. ; and jack crosbi , an austin , texa , cabl televis investor. the cabl guid , launch six year ago with 2,000 subscrib , current is distribut by 450 cabl system serv 5.5 million of the nation 's about 40 million cabl subscrib . 
 the basic model would cost $ 80 million and could be outfit with engin from either general electr co. of the u.s. or the pratt & whitney divis of unit technolog corp. the md-11 , like the propos airbus a340 , is aim at serv long-dist rout that do n't attract enough traffic to justifi use a 450-seat 747 . 
 judg robert bork contend that his view on antitrust law fulli consid the interest of consum , but argu that some form of antitrust regul do n't promot competition. refer to his 1978 book on antitrust law , the suprem court nomine in his third day of testimoni told the senat judiciari committe , `` my entir book . . . is premis on the question of what best serv consum . . . . '' 
 `` we were n't go anywher near that price for those magazin , '' mr. singerman says. instead , news corp. end up go after ziff-davi 's busi public serv the aviat and travel industri , for which it paid about $ 350 million . 
 he note that american doe n't plan to inaugur it new hub at raleigh/durham until june 15. in choos between delta and pan am for the rout between london and the northeastern u.s. , the judg note that both carrier alreadi serv london . 
 airport concours in cincinnati , chicago and san francisco are come to resembl shopping-mal cluster of eateri , with stand offer taco , omelett and freshly-gril belgian waffl top with fruit. becaus airport traffic ebb and flow and mani custom are press for time , a fast-food format can serv the clientel better than a cafeteria , say kenneth smith , vice presid of plan and busi develop of marriott corp. 's host divis , which is overhaul it restaur and bar at 40 airport . 
 the merger would link two airlin whose oper are concentr on their respect coast and would creat the seventh-largest domest airlin in term of revenu passeng mile , usair group said. usair group , which is base in washington , serv 83 airport but onli about 12 are west of st. louis. psa , base in san diego , serv 29 airport primarili on the west coast , five of which alreadi are serv by usair group . 
 the new arrang debut a week ago , the spongier three-quart of it renam `` the morn program. '' i like the concept , in the abstract serv both us self-proclaim cerebr type who want the news and not the pap , as well as less self-consci driven onlook whose interest lie not in the persian gulf state but in the newest couch , accouch and cacherel . 
 although it is n't like that japanes export will ever play a major role in the overal u.s. trade pictur , he suggest that `` eventu japanes invest in the u.s. could help revit some american export industries. '' ricoh 's effort to avoid anti-dump penalti be levi by the european econom communiti against japanese-mad copier are part of the compani 's overal strategi of build factori in market ricoh serv . 
 the propos rate increas are aim at help the util pay for cost relat to it invest in the palo verd nuclear power plant near phoenix , ariz. el paso electr , which serv 220,000 custom in west texa and southern new mexico , deriv 18 % of total revenu from it new mexico servic area . 
 it say the commiss will appoint a truste to arrang the divestitur if that timet is n't met. alleghani agre that it either will divest safeco of it titl plant in los angel counti within 14 month or dispos of it own interest in a separ titl plant serv the same area . 
 great spring would n't say how long the new product would be tested. the compani expect to `` eventu serv most of new england , '' howev , and then to introduc the product around the countri . 
 the ford motor co. unit , which previous said it plan to increas the number of it branch , said it hope to continu expand in the nation 's second-largest retail at that pace over the next sever years. while bank deregul has caus mani major bank to abandon serv lower and middl incom group , first nationwid 's chairman , anthoni m. frank , said at a news confer here that the expans in retail store `` might be the way you solv the problem of serv just plain folk . '' 
 we also will recal the council of minist , as an institut of the european coal and steel communiti . this council , compris one or more minist from each govern , chang accord to the subject under discuss , serv also the common market and euratom . 
 the fda , in particular it bureau of drug under robert templ , has driven that system to it absurd extreme. the system now serv itself first and peopl later . 
 in addit to privat buse on fix rout , there are about 4,500 flexible-rout minibus , most individu owned. these fulli deregul minibus servic have prove especi success at serv spars popul district without subsidi and act as feeder servic for the subway . 
 marc gregoir , the market director for the 737 program , said 10 other airlin are in `` serious '' discuss about possibl purchas of the new 737 version. boe commerci airplan co. , seattle-bas boe 's commerci aircraft arm , has been canvass airlin for at least a year about such a plane , and it decis to proceed with construct appear to be a move to domin -- with a thorough updat design -- the market for plane with 100 to 130 seat , which is serv by such competitor as fokker n.v. , a dutch concern , and british aerospac . 
 not long ago , local hunt crocodil for cash to supplement their subsist living. today , most river peopl find it more profit and much easier to serv the art and artifact market than to face croc at night on an unforgiv river . 
 softwar assist corp. , ann arbor , mich. for inform : circl 316 on reader card orbit ii is a general-purpos inform retriev system for ibm os / 360 user have at least 256k of memori on a model 40 or larger . the pl/i packag has a basic vocabulari of 11 english command and can be use either in a dedic mode or on a t-s network serv up to 150 on-lin user . 
 consid the best financ black-l ventur ever , the airlin attract some $ 35 million from equit life assur societi of the u.s. after it got seed money from a black-own insur compani and the larg black postal worker union , among others. the compani , which bill itself as the airlin creat to serv busi , has attempt to carv out a nich serv travel who want such frill as roomier seat , gourmet meal and a comfort gate-sid loung with free drink , telephon and newspap . 
 the publish concern is a unit of intern thomson organis ltd. , a toronto-bas publish with interest in travel , oil and gas. `` bank week is edit for a broader audienc than is current serv by our own american banker daili newspap -- for execut throughout the industri who do n't requir the intens of daili coverag , but still need to keep pace with the news and event take place in this fast-chang field , '' said mr. burk . 
 mr. shulman said santa monica , calif.-bas hotel system intern inc. has been incorrect identifi as the hotel 's owner in certain news accounts. he said that hotel system , a reserv and inform servic that serv the dupont plaza , doe n't have ani ownership stake in the hotel or san juan dupont plaza corp . 
 rubbermaid inc. said it will begin construct in april of a 275,000-square-foot manufactur and distribut facil in goodyear , ariz. rubbermaid said the facil , to be use intiti for it home product divis , will help serv it increas custom base in western state . 
 industri sourc indic that a studi , expect to be complet in about two month , probabl would recommend that certain branch be consolid or replac by more cost-effici limited-servic offic or autom teller machines. the limited-servic offic could special in serv small busi or make larg person loan to affluent consum . 
 while mr. weed assert total public expenditur in 1971 for family-plan clinic were $ 11 million , feder govern expenditur alon were $ 65 million in that year. instead of mr. weed 's figur of 300,000 teen-ag client serv in 1971 , family-plan clinic in fact serv 460,000 . 
 the veri qualiti of life is on the line , for educ benefit all of societi , not just those who sit in classroom . meet the challeng will take a posit effort by the colleg and univers and by all the rest of us who are serv . 
 the greater storag capac of the ibm 360-30 , compar to that of the ibm 1050 , and it abil to handl a number of termin oper simultan , give this hardwar configur substanti advantag , as doe the avail of the current ibm 360 in mani school and colleges. ece use an ibm 360-40 or-50 , with still more storag capac and the abil to serv more termin and do other type of work at the same time . 
 houston-bas bredero price , an intern pipe coat concern , is own by van den nieuwenhuyzen group , the netherlands. luken is a diversifi industri concern serv the construct , defens , transport , industri and energi market . 
 the bond were price at 99.125 % to yield 11.1 % . the electr util serv eastern massachusett said proceed will be use to improv it plant and properti . 
 the partnership current has 3.2 million class a unit outstanding. proceed of approxim $ 84.8 million , when combin with $ 9.5 million partnership cash , will be use to acquir a cabl televis system serv independ , mo. , and 16 other suburban kansa citi communiti . 
 the compani said it need the increas to recov expens and to earn a return on it share of the oklaunion power station , a larg coal-fuel generat plant that went into oper last december. the util hold compani said the unit file the request last week with the texa public util commiss and with the citi it serv in central and west texa . 
 a successor to the 46-year-old mr. glick has been select from outsid the compani , genex said , but his name wo n't be disclos until the compani complet a privat placement of it stock. a compani offici describ the successor as have broad experi in the industri market genex serv . 
 of cours , you may see specimen of fine work somewher and then hunt down the produc but i have not had that luck in spain so i have had to concentr on the magnific weather and on the playa ( beach ) and what they have to offer . this is written at the edg of a big reservoir that serv sever big citi of a new england state . 
 not be abl to suppli equip to tokyo , nagoya and eastern japan `` provid us veri littl opportun to sell , '' say stephen l. levi , motorola 's execut vice presid in charg of japan. daini denden 's , and thus motorola 's , failur to win the right to serv the entir japanes market has made american offici here cynic . 
 brock hotel corp. said 34 % of it sharehold who own 10 or fewer common share had tender their hold when it small-lot offer expir yesterday. as previous report , the hotel and restaur concern began the offer last novemb , to reduc administr cost of serv small-lot holder , which number about 8,000 . 
 on the fring of communiti administr there are two committe which exert consider influenc on the shape of communiti polici . the econom and social committe serv the common market and euratom , and the consult committe doe the same for the coal and steel communiti . 
 there are empti store on it main street. it fine modern school serv scarc two-third the number of student they were built to accommod , with each enter class smaller than the one ahead of it . 
 cleveland-cliff inc. said it iron compani subsidiari has put up for sale it 93 % interest in the upper peninsula generat co. , a coal-fir power plant in marquett , mich. cleveland-cliff said bid are expect next month for the plant , which primarili serv the iron ore pellet plant on the marquett rang in michigan . 
 heart of the system is a cdc 3300 in littl rock , ark. ultim it will serv some 300,000 migrant student in 47 state . 
 an extra strong one is call a cyclon and remov roof ; lesser fri will sweep up fallen branch , debri and anyth left about , whirl it around in a wild embrac , abandon it and pranc on it way . bulong , in it heyday , was a fair-siz place serv by school , church , store , an array of pub and a miner ' institut with an import grand piano . 
 in septemb , after three year of struggl , mr. bailey 's three partner left the firm. lsi will continu to serv the few client it drew , but wo n't seek ani new busi , mr. bailey say . 
 term were n't disclosed. the cabl televis oper bought the properti from three close held compani : multi-counti cabl vision inc. , ashland counti cabl servic co. and medway catv inc. jone said the system serv about 9,000 basic subscrib and 5,000 premium subscribers. jone said it current own or manag cabl system serv 33,000 subscrib . 
 emeri 's mr. ball said mr. dorsey did n't solicit his compani 's offer , and that emeri has been consid an offer for purol for the `` last few weeks. '' in the letter to purol 's mr. bradi , emeri said it believ the two compani would `` provid an excel fit '' and that `` the combin will enabl each of us to better serv our exist custom . '' 
 this belief result in the creation of a special govern agenc known as the rural electrif administr rea , for short. the new agenc , which later becam a part of the u.s. depart of agricultur , was author to make loan to local organ to serv peopl who want electr . 
 special vd clinic are be organ to make access to treatment easier and more effect . free clinic serv the street peopl find g. c. second onli to drug overdosag as the major patient problem . 
 he add that it is commit by villag resid as well as by outsiders. deputi polic inspector elson gelfand , the command of the precinct serv greenwich villag , say , `` aid give peopl an excus for violenc . '' 
 the far eastern econom review has suspend it entir distribut in singapor rather than agre to govern restrict slash it circulation. `` as the review is prevent from serv all it singapor reader , it prefer to serv none , '' derek davi , editor of the hong kong-bas week magazin , said in a statement . 
 allen j. volken , execut vice presid , market , said he is n't certain where the initi market effort will be concentrated. `` this will give us an opportun to test a new mean of market bank servic in area not alreadi serv by brick-and-mortar branch , '' he said . 
 chairman , elliott averett , robert h. b. baldwin , william c. blanchard , georg a. brownel , jame carey , richard m. colgat , charl e. cot , agn fowler , henri w. gadsden , edward l. glaser , mrs. h. donald harvey , wallac s. jone , jame h. leatham , ph.d. , richard w. mayer , r. townley paton , m.d. , landon peter , john t. piri , jr. , dorranc sexton , raymond d. stitzer , mrs. frederick r. wierdsma , walter a. wood . `` dialogu `` , the record magazin for blind person , has award the see eye guid first place in a competit for bulletin issu by agenc serv blind peopl . 
 but famili single-hand provid the sens of signific and the ongo affect and guidanc that modern need for healthi growth and protect from isol and loneliness. other institut make demand on famili , but few attempt to serv famili effect . 
 this was accomplish joint , by manag 's increas effici use of labor , and a perform by our mail handler and carrier that reaffirm their commit to provid our custom with the qualiti servic they deserve. the problem rais by mr. bovard will not be solv by slash the wage of dedic postal employe , nor will the public be serv by the privat of it postal servic . 
 the compani said the bond , due 2012 , will be redeem april 1 at 112.27. texa electr is a unit of texa util and serv two million custom in texa . 
 mani of g. t. & e. 's franchis are in semirur communiti and small citi , and popul growth in it area has been higher than in the larger citi domin by the bell system . last year 's addit brought to 11,321,000 the total number of phone serv by g. t. & e. compani . 
 wall street sourc predict that of all the big bank that have appli for this power , banker trust new york and j.p. morgan probabl will achiev the most success , main becaus of the inroad they have made alreadi as agents. inde , these sourc point out that success in this busi may be most crucial for those two bank , becaus both of them have concentr their effort on serv the biggest corpor , which have abandon bank financ for commerci paper . 
 the plan estim that if everyth went as hope , the system might be abl to get by without draw ani feder money at all , particular in earli year -- a potenti import point in the face of current congression budget-cut requirements. `` the system doe n't need a cash infus so long as it has market borrow access , capit to absorb loss and the abil to serv farmer-borrow on a basi that is both reason to them and profit for fcs over the long term , '' the propos assert . 
 a major of the 200 or so attack on ship sinc the war began have been conduct by iran. ship serv kuwaiti port are the main target . 
 biw said it fourth-quart figur were depress by it establish dure the quarter of a $ 2.2 million reserv for `` possibl excess and obsolet inventory. '' the compani ad that it sale fell becaus of a continu downturn in the petroleum and other market that it serv . 
 sen. leahi 's home state is in the system 's springfield , mass. , district , where a feder judg this week struck down fca rule for transfer of fund from wealthier unit like the springfield bank to shakier unit in the system. even mani legisl from area serv by the weakest farm credit bank may welcom the plan 's gain support in congress . 
 tokyo-bas bridgeston said it plan to spend $ 70 million by 1990 to expand the lavergn , tenn. , plant , which now make one million radial tire annual for truck and buses. by the earli 1990s , bridgeston said , it plan to make about two million radial passeng tire annual at the plant , serv both u.s. and japanes auto maker base in north america . 
 simpli get all parti to a meet at the same time can be a daunt task. carol kane , assist vice presid for meet servic at merril lynch & co. , say the problem is complic when execut meet in , say , palm spring , calif. , which is serv primarili by small commut airlin that carri onli about 12 passeng a plane . 
 howev , sinc 1980 , their number has doubl to more than 2,000 nationwide. most are close held compani serv local or region market . 
 foreign invest benefit the u.s. economi main becaus they lead to export of raw materi , compon , and equip to the oversea facility. when kimberly-clark corp. built a $ 23-million paper mill in huntsvill , ontario , to serv the canadian market , it purchas enough equip in the u.s. to suppli fifty-on man-year of employ . 
 steel technolog inc. said it agre to form a joint ventur with mitsui & co. to oper steel-servic center in the u.s. the steel processor said the center would serv japanes and domest automobil and appliance-part maker in the u. . 
 current , there are onli 40 or so videotex servic offer , for exampl , home bank and electron airlin schedules. they serv onli about 750,000 subscrib , or less than 1 % of u.s. household . 
 the first two part of this volum includ all two-year colleg that were found and had enrol their first class by the fall of 1967. ( compar data on institut found more recent can not be compil sinc onli experi can provid a true picture. ) part i includ those communiti colleg , junior colleg , and technic institut that provid limit if ani residenti facil , or serv primarili a local student bodi . 
 sinc 1985 , the japanes yen has appreci substanti compar with the u.s. dollar , make it relat less expens for the japanes to build vehicl in the u.s. david heali , analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc. , estim that it now cost the japanes about as much to build their vehicl in japan and ship them to the u.s. as it doe to build them here. honda is also keen awar of grow protectionist sentiment in congress and has repeat state it goal to build vehicl in the market it serv . 
 harsco make metal construct and defens product ; it declin to disclos the size of it railroad business. canron , toronto , is a diversifi manufactur serv construct , industri , and specialti market . 
 infin broadcast corp. said it enter an agreement to acquir radio station kvil am/fm , from sconnix broadcast co. , charleston , s.c. , for $ 82 million. the station serv the dallas/fort worth market . 
 transtar airlin , a subsidiari of dallas-bas southwest airlin , said it will form a commut airlin with close held rio airway to serv six texa cities. the servic , which goe into effect jan. 7 , will serv brownsville-south padr island , bryan-colleg station , victoria , laredo , san angelo and killeen . 
 combust engin said the bid reflect it continu effort to expand into high-technolog businesses. accuray make it system main for the pulp and paper industri , a market combust engin also serv . 
 in spongi bone , howev , the lacuna are not arrang in circl and there are no tube for the blood vessel and nerves. the blood vessel and nerv which serv the spongi bone run through the space between the strut and bar . 
 term were n't disclosed. tuscan serv the northern new jersey and new york citi area with milk , juic , ice cream and other dairi product , and also suppli airlin and food-servic concern . 
 the fcc the next year revis the rule , requir vendor to have caller use a special access code , avail onli to adult , or pay by credit card. the appeal court approv that plan , but said it was n't technic feasibl for compani serv by new york telephon . 
 the close held firm said the move is aim at provid more special client need , particular in the area of health and welfar , pension , retir health care , flexibl benefit and post-retir incom , among others. smaller compani will continu to be serv by the parent firm 's employe benefit staff . 
 delta air line , break with other major airlin , said it would prohibit smoke on it regular schedul flight within california , in line with a state law that is schedul to take effect friday. delta , which serv 12 california airport , said it question the state 's author to regul smoke on delta aircraft becaus airlin are feder regul . 
 after all , someday the store will be finish in her neighborhood , so that she will not have to drag her shop bag all across town. her littl one will grow up ; a new subway line will someday serv her area . 
 cablevis said it will hold valley cabl through it cablevis industri of california unit. cablevis industri , a close held concern , own and oper cabl system serv more than 400,000 subscrib . 
 the remain concentr orang juic is `` slush-frozen , `` pour into 6-ounc can , and frozen solid. the can are store in warehous at 10 degre below zero and are then ship to wholesal grocer by the million , for deliveri to the supermarket they serv . 
 the clayton acquisit strengthen geldermann 's posit as a lead futures-on brokerag firm ; it recent acquir heinold commod inc. and agra gill & duffus inc. geldermann also said last week that it is sever it clear tie to more than 75 of it smaller offic serv retail custom to concentr on larger institut account . 
 ellinghaus , who becam presid of the new york telephon co. the day after he address the waldorf-astoria confer , admit that bell was have troubl servic it custom , but he insist that the compani is tri as hard as it can to improv thing . he list a number of improv on the way : by the middl of this decad , a long-haul digit network serv `` approxim 60 citi `` will be in oper , ellinghaus promis . 
 the propos met such a barrag of critic that mr. pierc author the study. the report said , howev , that three area should be review further : reduc competit advantag over privat insur , limit overlap in type of borrow serv by fha and privat firm , and possibl convers of fha into a reinsur of mortgag . 
 braniff inc. said it will start servic to oklahoma citi next friday with a daili round-trip flight to dallas-fort worth. with the new flight , braniff will serv 20 citi in the u.s. and mexico . 
 as he work his way up , he help advanc the intern invest bank oper morgan conduct from london -- includ activ glass-steagal bar commerci bank from in the u.s. in the 1980s , the larg corpor custom that bank such as morgan guaranti serv increas substitut issuanc of commerci paper and other secur for bank borrow . 
 the electron servic would be in addit to the current print directories. `` we believ we could serv our custom and user better if we could offer an altern to the plain print yellow page , '' say david l. wibbelsman , presid of nynex inform resourc co. , a unit of nynex corp. , new york . 
 one still more import similar remain : neither kodak nor polaroid has ever encount serious competit , or come in second best in ani matter of great import . although they choos differ word to say so , both kodak and polaroid believ that they have serv themselv and the public as well without competit as they would have with it . 
 the rang of possibl outcom extend from approv of the merger to reject of the merger , the charter , and the supplement agreement , with some interest combin in between . american export and other oppon complain that the merger would put sea-land in a posit of unassail strength in market serv exclus by u.s.-flag carrier . 
 american presid line ltd. said it appli to the maritim administr for temporari author to serv west coast-to-hawaii trade rout on a week basi . 
 contribut $ 95 million to the joint ventur , william would own 81 % of the new compani ; kansa citi southern 's 87 % -own subsidiari , ldx group , would hold a 19 % stake. the new compani will serv market throughout the u.s. , provid servic to all major metropolitan center , william said . 
 full-year revenu increas 3.8 % to $ 9.36 billion from $ 9.02 billion. william l. weiss , chairman , presid and chief execut offic of ameritech -- the parent of bell compani serv illinoi , indiana , michigan , ohio and wisconsin -- said expens were about unchang from a year earlier , while the work forc increas slight for the first time sinc the compani was form in 1984 . 
 dian bliss , a vice presid at wtvs , said cancom has doubl the size of the station 's audienc , and attract contribut to the station from place like kodiak , alaska , tuktoyaktuk , northwest territori and st. john 's , newfoundland. cancom was establish in 1981 to serv remot communiti and area with inadequ broadcast servic . 
 in respons to question about the new airport , the airlin are told that plan are `` not yet complet , '' while foreign contractor are told that plan are `` too far advanc '' to permit foreign participation. although not schedul for complet until 1993 , the new osaka airport , which will serv the kansai area of western japan , alreadi is bad needed. itami airport , which current serv the osaka area , is so restrict by environment factor that this year less than 15,000 flight will be accept there . 
 airlin also critic the idea , say the talk would n't reduc delay much , but they agre to cooper if the depart grant antitrust immunity. industri offici contend that mrs. dole retreat from her plan to hold talk for airlin serv all 13 airport becaus of industri and polit pressur . 
 ani further increas here , such as an export program , would improv it polit posit with those who argu that japanes compani have been export product to this market at the expens of u.s. jobs. the compani has repeat said it want to build car in the market it serv . 
 through the first nine month of 1986 , piedmont 's profit rose 8 % , to $ 54.9 million , or $ 2.72 a share , on a 23 % jump in revenu to $ 1.36 billion. by serv small citi and set up hub in previous out-of-the-way place like charlott , n.c. and dayton , ohio , piedmont , in addit be financi strong , could mesh well with the rout system of other airlin . 
 centuri communic corp. said it purchas the asset of the morgantown , w.va.-area cabl televis system from cablentertain , a new jersey cabl tv company. centuri paid $ 16 million for the morgantown system , which serv about 13,000 subscribers. with the purchas , centuri said it own or manag 39 cabl tv system in 21 state and puerto rico , serv about 510,000 subscrib . 
 power is generat by thousand of solar cell , which convert the raw , undilut sunlight of space into electr energy. to keep the satellit in perman communic with the area it is meant to serv , it speed is synchron to keep exact pace with the earth 's rotat . 
 your dec. 16 second-front-pag articl `` group home that serv the mental ill face new barrier in some communiti '' onli repeat unsubstanti charg on both side of the issu . 
 the negoti of the agreement was prompt by a disput over the right of air canada , a state-own airlin , to pick up passeng in london and fli them to hong kong and singapore. the new pact settl that disput by allow canadian airlin to fli from london to three citi in asia and to mani european citi that were n't previous serv by canadian carrier via britain . 
 sale rose 11 % to $ 781.8 million from $ 706 million. the dobb hous restaur , newsstand , gift shop and other concess greyhound is acquir serv 20 airport , includ chicago 's o'har , new york 's kennedi and the major termin in atlanta , dallas-fort worth and los angel . 
 there was provis for do this in design , and the result would be that walter would have access to both command modul without have to don a spacesuit. there would also be a save in power by have one life-support system serv two ship , sinc it might come about that the other men would be absent on the alien ship for extend period of time . 
 privat : biggest differ is not the student , '' dec. 1 : the author correct note that public school spend consider more on educ than those in the privat sector. howev , mani of the privat school that are spring up around the countri do not provid for either vocat educ or for educ of the handicap , both of which are necessari and both of which consum a larg amount of dollar for the number of student they serv . 
 there are histor school like alabama 's tuskege institut , start in 1881 by booker t. washington , and well known for it strong vocat programs. anoth histor and famous school is virginia 's hampton institut , found in 1868 by a civil war general to serv indig black and indian . 
 that , after all , is what foreign investor are , prudent. moreov , they are just as sophist as american investor and just as well plug into the vast communic system that serv the world invest communiti . 
 or particip in ticket-sel campaign . a communiti theater can function as a remark cohes forc for the communiti it serv , and few peopl who get hung up on the activ ever quit . 
 coca-cola said it agreement call for bottl coke in the soviet union and expand it sale to more soviet citi and citizens. current , coke sale are restrict to shop serv tourist in moscow ( the compani 's fanta orang soda is sold in moscow , tallin and kiev to soviet consum ) . 
 some of these offici also want bellcor to take on custom other than the region bell , so that it may grow. term of the bell system breakup , howev , prohibit bellcor from serv the broader market . 
 it promis to be quit a reveal battl , with judg bork 's controversi posit on such issu as abort on the one hand , and the democrat opposit led by sen. joe biden on the other. tuesday , sept. 15 , various time ( check local list ) , on station serv by orbi communic : `` nation aid awar test . '' 
 the acquisit will add about $ 1 billion to chase home 's servic portfolio , increas it to about $ 4.5 billion. it also will enabl chase home to establish a servic oper in tampa to serv chase home custom in the southeast and southwest . 
 honeywel has taken the first step in a plan network of educ servic center that will provid administr and instruct servic to school . the first center , open in minneapoli this month , serv more than 50 minnesota elementari school , high school , and colleg . 
 a cancom spokeswoman said the satellit transmiss compani is n't violat ani u.s. or canadian laws. cancom distribut the detroit signal , as well as canadian radio and televis signal , to 850 cabl system serv more than 1.4 million household , mani of them in small , remot communiti . 
 england 's scotland yard alreadi had drop the bertillon system in favor of fingerprint after sir e. r. henri had work out a simpl way to classifi them. the intern associ of chief of polic ( iacp ) was the first to campaign for a central fingerprint file which would serv all polic agenc . 
 adapso note that % 10 of all firm earn % 36 of the revenu in 1968 , while in 1969 % 18 of the compani earn % 83 of the revenu . the survey show that compani in the industri in 1969 employ 120,000 person , serv 220,000 custom , and oper 2,850 comput . 
 auerbach info , inc. , philadelphia , pa. for copi : circl 311 on reader card cong . jack brook ' govop subcommitte is said to be vital interest in establish a cobol valid center at nbs , serv all feder agenc . 
 substanti modernis of farm techniqu could be undertaken , and capit project begun. as they point out in liul , `` befor the peopl 's commune was set up , we had begun build a dam that was to serv three differ cooper farm . 
 sinc spain is constant get more automobil , truck , and buse , there seem certain to be continu improv of the road . sinc there are mani place in spain that are not serv by a railroad , bus traffic is heavi . 
 conrail 's manag look for cost to cut and found plenty. they stop serv town where busi had shrivel , rid the railroad of one in everi four mile of it network . 
 kaiser permanent is more than 45 year old. we serv near five million voluntarili enrol member in 16 state and the district of columbia , and are general regard as a prototyp of the group-practice-model hmo . 
 life improv , even in calabria , a region so poor and underdevelop that some call it `` the mezzogiorno of the mezzogiorno. '' starvat and malaria are gone ; illiteraci is rare ; a new univers serv the popul ; an autostrada now link rome and napl with calabria 's biggest citi . 
 some state are move to restrict untax entrepreneurialism. in arizona , for exampl , state agenc are prohibit from enter market alreadi serv by commerci busi . 
 the new plant -- the compani 's second in the u.s. -- will employ 550 worker when it is oper at full capac in late 1991 , nippondenso said. a grow number of japanes auto part maker are open plant to serv the u.s. and canadian oper of japanes and u.s. car maker . 
 `` you realli ca n't consid taiwan an export nation. taiwan is simpli a collect of intern subcontractor serv the american market , '' say franci geronimi , the director of the franc asia trade promot associ in taipei . 
 in addit to merger-rel cost , the one-tim charg also includ the expens of consolid foley 's into the retail 's region data process center in atlanta. the center alreadi serv three other feder divis . 
 tca also bought total televis of amarillo , texa , for $ 51.5 million from marsh media ltd. and stauffer communic inc. of topeka , kan. the amarillo system serv 38,000 subscrib . 
 but top-rank va offici from previous administr feel strong that mani hospit should be close , and their resourc divert to upgrad university-affili acute-car center . veteran in these local could be serv by referr clinic , and the hospit could be turn over to the state or to local communiti . 
 in 1983 , he sold polici with $ 86.5 million in coverag , the compani 's all-tim record for sale by a singl agent. today mr. patel , now 44 , serv some 4,000 client from his livingston , n.j. , offic . 
 these provis are part of a dod plan to use essenti two data manag system if a non-ibm win the pend competition. one dms would serv the second standard site ; the other , the site to be equip under the pend rfp . 
 a 1984 studi commiss by the depart of educ found that public school with high concentr of hispan usual `` combin a continu use of spanish languag and english instruction. '' but 91 % of the school serv most non-hispan immigr use all-english instruct . 
 creat in the mid-1970 from the ruin of the penn central and other ail carrier , conrail has sinc restor it physic plant , slash cost and becom profitable. but now the railroad is also tri to find new market in the industri state it serv from new england to the midwest . 
 one offic was in minneapoli and three were in omaha , neb. the spokeswoman said citicorp will continu to serv it near 300,000 exist financi account custom . 
 under the present manag structur , adopt in 1969 after a two-year studi by the stanford research institut , henkel 's affair are run by the seven-man execut committe of the parent hold compani , henkel gmbh , through two wholli own oper compani . henkel & cie gmbh `` henkel europ , `` it might be call serv all of europ and account for 94 percent of total sale . 
 mr. panfil declin to comment on whether mr. attar had made ani other demands. aero serv the corpor and commerci aviat market by suppli fuel , mainten hangar space , clean , baggage-handl and other servic . 
 he alreadi own trump 's and trump 's castl in atlant city. but sever sourc said that rather than sell one casino , mr. trump could meet term of the rule by close the casino in resort i and convert the facil into a hotel that would serv the mammoth casino in the taj mahal . 
 the effect on beneficiari has , in mani case , been devastating. while onli a hand of hmos generat complaint , they serv about 30 % of program beneficiari . 
 but onc have enrol them , their compens should be margin lower than that award by other insur carriers. this will tend to make the provid margin less interest in serv your subscrib and so will creat anoth barrier to care deliveri . 
 close held pentech is a hold compani for qo chemic inc. , it onli oper subsidiari , great lake said. great lake ad that qo chemic , which produc certain specialti chemic that are use to make furfuryl alcohol and other product use in foundri resin , plastic , flame-retard build materi , oil refin and urethan system , fit well into sever market it alreadi serv and enhanc it intern presenc . 
 under the plan , secur pacif also said it will great expand it automat teller network , institut flexibl hour at some branch , simplifi bank servic and add sale personnel to generat loan in non-tradit bank areas. mr. smith said earlier that the bank may also consolid 3 % to 4 % of it 600 branch , which serv three million custom in california . 
 like other minicomput manufactur , varian is find that some of it larg oem custom are feel the financi squeez , and the result is lag sale to some oem 's . by concentr more on new softwar , peripher , and system , varian is aim to move into vertic market serv more end user . 
 the risk is that the film will land in a lab where the use of unskil worker , dirti solut , and sloppi print method will result in perman scratch negat and muddi prints. one solut is to find and use one of the special lab that serv profession photographers. ( the extra expens involv may be worth it . ) 
 thus nation compani were encourag to establish satellit plant close to the larg citi , particular on circumferenti highway which all too often had origin been plan for recreat but over which adequ control had not been placed. thus while manufactur general tend to quit the center of citi , busi that offer servic had either to be nucleat so as to serv a substanti number of automobile-born custom or remain in the central citi itself . 
 `` jeremi was begin to understand whi the univers build was so massive. not onli were there enough function area to serv a small villag , but the elevator-subway system took up a great deal of room between floor and in the outsid wall . 
 a trip on the star ferri from kowloon to hong kong island , for exampl , will set you back the equival of seven cents. serv the out area of hong kong is the kowloon-canton railway corp. , which is government-own . 
 the new saturn franchis would help the dealer maintain strong profit by limit competit among the dealers. each dealer , in return , would be requir to establish a suffici number of sale and servic facil throughout the design territori to serv the region . 
 as expect , retail had weak sale in part of the southwest that have been hit hard by the declin in oil prices. accord to telecheck southwest , a check-author compani serv 9,000 retail in texa , oklahoma , new mexico and arkansa , check write in houston plummet 13 % from a year earlier over the 26-day period from thanksgiv to christma eve . 
 the compani said it paid $ 9.5 million for sun valley cablevis inc. the cabl system serv 6,300 household in idaho . 
 he knew the score for a young surgeon in a town like spruce harbor . the town had thirti thousand peopl and potenti serv anoth forti to fifti thousand . 
 the feder energi regulatori commiss approv a test of new price flexibl for bulk power sale among 15 public and privat util in 10 western states. the commiss unanim approv a two-year experi that will allow the util , which serv 30 million custom , flexibl to adjust rate for discretionari wholesal power sale among themselv . 
 similar , at ani moment , continent 's comput is monitor the status of reserv on 495,000 futur flights. the comput measur the book against expect and call attent to ani flight that is off the normal pace , depend on the season , flight time , citi be serv , day of the week , and whether a predomin leisur or busi market is be serv . 
 the compani has surpris some beer-industri veteran with it distribut strategi for the five new york citi borough and surround counties. instead of copi it competitor and have sever beer wholesal serv new york , coor pick onli one distributor , and it choic , curious enough , was a canada dri softdrink bottler . 
 royal said that it plan to continu to fli while under chapter 11 protect from creditor ' lawsuit , and that the citicorp unit 's seizur of the plane wo n't requir it to reduc further it scaled-down flight schedule. royal , which serv 14 citi in louisiana , texa , mississippi and florida under it continent agreement , will lose five citi on it old rout and will add three in other area . 
 neither compani would comment on capit of the new service. ernst & whinney , a major account and busi consult concern , serv more than 1,200 client , includ more than 300 retail . 
 a controversi and still unpublish studi by the staff of the citi administr show that sanitation-depart collect cost are $ 49 a ton. privat cart compani , which serv restaur , hotel , and mani other privat busi , do the same job for $ 17^50 a ton . 
 `` they give me the best treatment , '' say mike garcia , an offic of the leather good , plastic and novelti worker ' union , who say he bank at amalgam becaus of it labor roots. amalgam has report 44 consecut year of profit and has grown to $ 1.47 billion in asset by serv two overlap constitu : middle-class consum and organ labor . 
 and it said there would be increas possibl for collus among titl insur compani use such inform in los angel county. the consent agreement also bar alleghani for 10 year from acquir addit interest in ani such central record system , common call titl plant , serv either area . 
 in the file , the six-year-old compani said that it has been a `` develop stage '' enterpris for much of it exist and sustain big loss as it financ the construct of it network. the carrier use satellit for transmit convers and data and serv sever hundr custom in 19 citi . 
 the airlin also said it will drop it one daili flight between newark , n.j. , and kansa citi , effect jan. 23. a spokesman said the compani decid that serv miami provid a `` better util '' of it plane than did the servic to newark . 
 it prescrib institut to further the defens , the extens and the enrich of the transcend kingdom of idea , knowledg and creativity. regard man as both creator and subject of the kingdom , the institut will serv him in his most uniqu and precious essenc . 
 he would n't be more specific. the facil serv by vha suppli repres 20 % of all communiti hospit bed in the countri . 
 mr. albani want to bring sunbeam 's profit margin to 10 % , well abov the industri average. he think that 's possibl , despit the satur of the small-appli market , by push innov new product , such as it huge success oskar food processor , and by expand into market sunbeam doe n't yet serv , such as low-pric iron . 
 the airlin do compet on three non-stop rout : los angeles-phoenix ; los angeles-san francisco and los angeles-san diego. but becaus other carrier also serv these market and becaus usair is a `` relat minor particip '' along these rout , the merger would n't substanti decreas competit , the depart argu . 
 a recent survey find that high percentag of the various help profess claim to offer marriag counsel : it is general recogn that some profession servic are more compet and effect than others. most communiti have mental health center , guidanc servic , famili servic bureaus , and accredit marriag counselor who can be expect to serv a troubl marriag or a suffer marri individu well . 
 final , the school had to be within reason travel time of ibm 's mohans laboratori and of columbia univers . montclair high school is a comprehens high school serv grade 9 through 12 , and is the onli high school in this suburb , whose popul is ethnic and socioeconom heterogen . 
 togeth , the two have close to 20 million cabl subscrib , but there are more than 40 million cabl subscrib , half of whom are n't buy extra pay networks. an hbo spokesman said the compani will offer festiv through it exist 7,000 cabl system serv most of the nation 's subscrib . 
 the compani are st. paul & suburban bus co. of st. paul , minn. , kline school & charter bus co. of napervill , ill. , and georg h. hoen jr. inc. of cologn , n.j. ryder said the purchas make the compani the third-largest privat oper of school buse in the countri with 3,700 buse serv about 140 school district in 11 state . 
 the region bell hold compani 's share also are trade in london and switzerland , as well as on the new york and other u.s. stock exchanges. ameritech 's unit serv illinoi , indiana , michigan , ohio and wisconsin . 
 an american televis spokesman said the transact was announc at the time of the initi public offer , but requir citi and state clearanc befor it could be completed. manhattan cabl , which serv 228,000 household in the southern half of manhattan , was time 's last cabl oper properti not own by american televis . 
 the owner and oper of cabl tv system also said it is consid a public offer that could includ both debt and equiti , but that term of ani offer have n't been determined. the riga famili , of which john j. riga , adelphia 's presid and chief execut offic , is a member , own cabl tv system serv a total of about 87,000 subscrib in suburban pittsburgh , eastern massachusett , michigan , western new york , ohio and vermont . 
 the rate concern cite louisiana regul ' approv this week of a $ 57 million emerg rate increas for gulf state custom in that state. gulf state , which serv the slump petrochemical-produc region of the gulf coast , has been seek higher rate to pay for it $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisvill , la . 
 one of it paper has instal a general-purpos comput with composit softwar to handl a number of function includ store , sort , and retriev classifi advertis and wire servic copi . the comput also serv a sister paper via data-phon link . 
 henkel 's parent produc consum product and specialti chemicals. as previous report , pipelin repair have halt product at the flotta termin , which serv the piper , scapa and claymor field oper by the occident unit and two field oper by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc. , white plain , n.i . 
 wagner and brown contribut capit and their own talent and inform to the partnership to be use for acquisit of unoc stock. target sharehold are serv by a legal system that make it possibl for takeov specialist to share inform with other without a formal pre-off partnership agreement . 
 what we have here -- a bunch of differ theater struggl to surviv , each one with a distinct voic -- is a hybrid that is more excit and more spontan indigen to this country. '' in order to show support for the resid compani that alreadi exist in this countri , mr. bell rais about $ 85,000 from privat foundat and individu and secur the storm king ground with it 240-seat walter read theater ( it normal serv a privat high school dure the school year ) for the summer . 
 first carolina oper 21 cabl system in nashvill and knoxvill , tenn. , georgia , south carolina , virginia , north carolina , kentucki , ohio and arizona. the mccaw system mr. cook acquir last januari serv 42 market in the u.s. includ tucson , ariz. , syracus , n.y. , southern oregon and southern washington state . 
 but it had potenti . it serv the entir east coast , and i believ that someday there would be extens travel between new york and florida by air . 
 ipalco enterpris inc. said it mid-america capit resourc inc. unit complet the sale of the asset of indianapoli cablevis inc. for $ 151.3 million to comcast cabl leas partner l.p. the asset consist of a cabl televis system serv about 82,000 subscrib in indiana . 
 this spiral stair , known as the `` snail , `` adjoin palazzo contarini del bovolo , the resid of a nobl famili in the earli 1500 's . today , like mani restor palac , it is divid into apart and offic serv by an elev . 
 michael j. madden was name to the newli creat post of vice presid , physic distribution. mr. madden , who take respons for 18 warehous distribut center that serv this toy retail 's 271 store , was most recent with jewel food store , a divis of american store co . 
 the critic about select has encourag a few communiti to develop their own train effort and has slowli chang some jtpa programs. last year , new york citi spent $ 12.3 million on it own educ and job program for 16-to-21-year-old after it found that jtpa serv just 5.5 % of the 232,600 youth in the citi who qualifi -- and that , although one object of the program was to make sure that particip did n't drop out of high school , half of those help alreadi had high-school diploma . 
 the two-year colleg serv a broad cross section of the nation 's youth , includ those who want to prepar themselv as rapid as possibl to compet on the job market ; those who have not taken full advantag of previous educ opportun and are still seek to `` find themselv `` ; those for whom famili oblig make `` go away to colleg `` difficult , if not imposs ; the disadvantag who need help in overcom the limit of their earlier school , the ambiti but impecuni student who seek educ opportun near home , as well as the academ capabl individu who desir the relat shelter environ of a small colleg dure their transit from adolesc to young adulthood. in some case a singl institut is ask to serv virtual the whole rang of student on a singl campus and some do so with notabl success . 
 in addit , signet 80 begin this month will provid messag process between various offic of a brokerag , make it ideal for this type of firm. it is not intend to serv veri larg firm , howev ; nor is it aim at the smallest brokerag . 
 and it said it was expand it investig to three more airport becaus atlanta 's schedul problem probabl `` are n't an isol case. '' the major carrier serv the chicago , boston and dallas-fort worth airport are american , unit , piedmont , continent , usair , delta and eastern . 
 talley also would receiv an option to purchas as mani as 283,235 share of author but unissu common stock of east-west at $ 8 a share. east-west , which had $ 301 million in asset as of dec. 31 , has 11 branch offic that primarili serv the chinese-american communiti , talley said . 
 ms. aulenti prefer a meshlik chain link material. the fanci dine room that onc serv the hotel in the station has neo-rococo ceil featur pastel goddess . 
 in elkhart , kan. , forrest cameron is struggl to hang on to his 22-year-old farm equip dealership. farmer in the four counti he serv alreadi have enrol about 600,000 acr in the conserv reserv program . 
 the compani said oper are expect to begin this summer. the bakeri in west germani will have the capac to produc 3,000 dozen bun per hour , and will serv 130 mcdonald 's restaur in the northern section of the countri . 
 the iadb had approv two earlier loan , total $ 440 million , for the same project. brazil will receiv two loan , each amount to $ 100 million , to help financ industri project in the northeast region of the countri and for an expans of the public water system serv brasilia , the countri 's capit citi . 
 alan kassan , an analyst at shearson lehman brother inc. , said he rais his estim of viacom 's market valu to $ 55 a share from $ 50 becaus of the recent appreci in valu for cabl televis systems. cabl system have been chang hand at increas higher price recent , and viacom own cabl system serv about 940,000 subscrib . 
 he now take on the addit posit of chief execut offic , succeed weldon w. case , 66 , mid-contin telephon 's founder. mr. case , who will continu to serv as chairman of alltel , forg his career in a similar single-mind style. found mid-contin telephon in 1960 , he built it from five small ohio telephon compani into a network serv near a million custom in 19 state . 
 the transact includ j.b.n. 's independ communic inc. unit , a fairview , kan. , provid of communic servic to the defens depart , the telecommun concern said. j.b.n. telephon serv 2,500 access line in 13 exchang in north central kansa , contel said . 
 certain thrift institut had sought the loan-limit freez , contend that the index inflat the purchas ceil abov the level congress intended. freddi mac was intend to help moderate-incom homebuy , but by increas the size of mortgag the compani buy , the index result in it serv more affluent buyer , the critic said . 
 under the agreement , kodak paid $ 6.30 a share for intern biotechnolog ' 2.4 million share outstand , and acquir stock option under the compani 's convert debt. the seven-year-old intern biotechnolog , with annual sale of about $ 7 million , serv the molecular biolog market . 
 but , the sourc ad , a reconstitut air atlanta would n't like includ michael r. holli , the 33-year-old lawyer who in 1984 launch the airline. oper out of it atlanta hub , it eventu serv nine citi . 
 gencorp inc. said it probabl wo n't close the sale of it new jersey station wor-tv to gth-100 , an mca inc. subsidiari , until next year. the tire , chemic , aerospac and broadcast concern expect to realiz about $ 250 million after tax from the sale of the station , which serv the new york market . 
 transport secretari elizabeth dole grant antitrust immun to airlin serv chicago 's o'har and atlanta 's hartsfield airport so they can joint set schedul in an effort to curb flight delay . 
 on anoth issu , an occident spokesman said yesterday that bad weather in the north sea continu to prevent repair work on an oil pipelin and extend the disrupt of output from occident 's field there to the 12th day in a row. pipelin repair have halt product at the flotta termin , which serv the piper , scapa and claymor field oper by occident and two field oper by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc . 
 increas in tuition , which have help white colleg keep pace with grow oper cost , are hard the answer for black colleges. most of them were found to serv indig or poverty-stricken student , and they continu to attract youngster from relat poor famili . 
 royal airlin , a region carrier serv 14 citi in the oil patch , said it expect to seek chapter 11 protect under the feder bankruptci code . 
 martin marietta corp. said southern new england telephon co. agre to join it team seek a feder telecommun contract with an estim valu of $ 4.5 billion over 10 years. the aerospac and data-system concern said southern new england telephon , a new haven , conn.-bas independ phone compani serv most of connecticut , is an import addit to it team becaus of the substanti number of feder facil in connecticut . 
 from friend in washington and new york , poston learn that a coupl of new york 's largest street gang had forsaken their bloodi war and other crimin activ in favor of a comprehens effort to reform the ghetto . they had establish a riot-prevent forc , a street academi serv 1,600 high-school dropout , a day-car center , and a whole panopli of social servic . 
 term were n't disclosed. crs said it would retain a 49 % interest in sirrin environment consult inc. , a design , engin and construct compani serv power plant , wast compani and other compani involv in handl hazard and toxic substanc . 
 mr. amoroso was travel and could n't be reach for comment. mr. teasley , 50 , most recent was manag director of coca-cola soft drink ltd. , the compani 's bottl unit that serv london and southern england . 
 but the real action has come in the past two year , when murdoch magazin launch a u.s. version of the french fashion magazin ell in a joint ventur with french publish hachett public inc. , purchas new woman and european travel & life , launch automobil and acquir ziff-davi inc. 's 13 busi public for $ 350 million. use the ziff-davi trade public , murdoch magazin now is explor some ambiti electron publish product to serv the travel and aviat industri . 
 repetit housekeep function are provid automat , requir less code . cosmos program are compat with each other , further reduc product code , with one environ serv all process . 
 frontier , a state-chart stock associ with asset of $ 6.9 million , was close by state regulators. it offic wo n't reopen , and frontier custom will be serv through first feder 's branch in fairbank . 
 at the same time the decision-mak bodi were merg in a singl council of minist , also in brussel . the court of justic , serv the communiti as a whole , sit in luxembourg . 
 they call for more test , but onli voluntari testing. they reject out of hand propos for routin test of individu upon certain occas : for exampl , for some or all of those admit to hospit , for those be treat at clinic serv `` high-risk '' popul , for coupl seek marriag licens , and for prison inmat . 
 the disast was the first fatal accid for psa sinc the 1978 collis of an airlin with a small plane over it headquart citi of san diego kill 144. it popular los angeles-san francisco commut servic is the airlin 's largest singl rout , serv the nation 's most heavili travel air corridor . 
 some tv disc track are connect to tv display , while other track feed d / a convert drive headphones. the prototyp doe not actual serv 128 termin , but use six actual termin , with the remaind software-simul . 
 irvin 's rout led us up a creek call neali branch , then across two lone high mountain , until it reach the birthplac of anoth creek , call hollybush . we follow this creek down toward the tini communiti of pippa pass , where the post offic is on the campus of picturesqu alic lloyd colleg , which serv the youth of that isol area . 
 further , while the data process or comput specialist has tradit been in charg , mr. mcfall believ this will chang , and that the communic specialist will eventu becom respons for the manag and direct of the merg inform and communic system . in ani case , we will sure see the emerg of nation and global inform process util , serv hundr of thousand , perhap million of subscrib on a time-shar basi . 
 they built a rural electr line near the town of red wing , minnesota. it was onli six mile long and was design to serv the twenti farm locat along it rout . 
 those who were abl to went out of town dure the summer week-end , or stay behind their hedg . june and her mother live over the corner shop of half a dozen that serv such an area . 
 berg say optran 's circuitri and compon are good for `` thousand of hour of uninterrupt servic , `` and instal the equip `` requir minimum technic skill. `` datran plan to use this system in citi , to serv cluster of custom . 
 the three were the last of the seven region bell hold compani to report result , which overal were among the least robust post sinc the 1984 breakup of the bell system. the earn growth of englewood , colo.-bas u s west mask weak perform by it basic telephon oper , which serv a spars popul and econom anem region of 14 western state , analyst said. the result of bell atlant and especi bellsouth show solid growth of their basic telephon oper , underscor the strong region economi the two compani serv . 
 dragonair has made some progress in the 20 month sinc it began flight to the east malaysian citi of kota kinabalu. today , it fli to 14 citi in japan , thailand and china , and also has author from the hong kong govern to serv 34 asian citi , although it must await country-to-countri negoti for land right to these place . 
 educ depart offici said the propos will be includ in the fiscal 1988 budget request for the chapter 1 program , which provid fund for remedi education. the request would boost chapter 1 's budget for the year begin oct. 1 to $ 4.1 billion from $ 3.9 billion and increas the number of student serv to 5.5 million from five million . 
 under the pressur of free and compulsori educ the literaci rate improv almost daili . up to about the 1890 's mass product was move steadili up a high road , and the media which could have serv it were still move along a low road . 
 he said he chose piedmont , howev , becaus the number of carrier offer transatlant servic would be increased. `` the polici of maxim the number of carrier in the u.s.-london market make it ( piedmont ) the clear choic over american , which serv london alreadi from dallas/fort worth , '' the judg said . 
 an institut that can spend $ 20 billion on a water-project bill , but wo n't give feder offici a long overdu rais at a teensi fraction of the pork barrel 's cost is easi to ridicule. the public , howev , is poor serv by a system that has pretti much reduc nation polit to the level of a game measur in won-loss record . 
 inflationari expect will persist , they say , and those expect -- rather than under fundament -- could continu to drive commod price higher in the month ahead. those expect `` are n't go to disappear , '' say albert a. gross , chief economist in the new york offic of refco inc. , a larg futur and option firm serv institut client . 
 desk were discard relic of the grade school. the onli bathroom in each apart had to serv one hundr and fifti youngster . 
 the bank board retain the fail thrift 's asset of $ 120.8 million for liquidation. unit will serv custom of the fail thrift at the park citi offic for two week befor close that facil . 
 onli commerci bank i.e. , those typic engag in financ product and distribut through short-term lend to busi are elig for the list. some bank that have larg asset and engag in commerci oper are exclud becaus they are primarili save bank or becaus they serv a special clientel . 
 terra nova , base in gander , newfoundland , serv 50,000 subscrib in part of newfoundland and labrador , and is expect to report net incom for 1987 of four million canadian dollar ( $ 3.1 million ) on revenu of 46 million dollars. northwestel , base in whitehors , the yukon , serv 35,000 subscrib in the yukon , the northwest territori and northern british columbia , and is expect to report 1987 net incom of 7.6 million dollar on revenu of 67 million dollar . 
 medicaid spend on aid will jump sixfold to $ 2.4 billion annual by fiscal 1992 from $ 400 million this year , a top feder health offici told member of presid reagan 's aid commiss at their first public meeting. feder fund will have to pay for more than half the expenditur of the medicaid program serv about 40 % of the acquir immun defici syndrom popul nationwid and 65 % of the patient in some high-incid area such as new york citi . 
 in turn , the telecommun giant will be the exclus outsid supplier to western digit for devic known as cmos wafer , small circular platter of comput chip that work faster and cooler than most current semiconductors. william warwick , at & t divis presid , said the pact will signific boost it cmos busi and give at & t , a recent newcom in sell chip to other compani , access to custom long serv by it new partner . 
 no more. distress by the escal cost of medic care , busi and the insur compani that serv them are begin to shuck the role of passiv bill-pay . 
 continent yesterday abandon what it had call the `` biggest airlin ticket giveaway ever '' after madison squar garden in new york and the meadowland sport facil in nearbi east rutherford , n.j. , refus to host the giveaway. continent , a texa air corp. unit , want to celebr sunday the airlin 's becom the largest carrier serv the new york area . 
 the comput industri practic what it preaches. it high-tech member are move rapid into a world in which comput design comput made by robot control by still other comput , all to serv custom who will place order -- by computer. ( if one of these new machin has a bug , it can call yet anoth comput for help . ) 
 the partnership that start out with 14 member and four earth station now boast 83 member with 53 station in 39 countri . by 1973 it will have 70 earth station and be serv everi heavili popul area of the free world . 
 utilicorp unit inc. said it complet the acquisit of west kootenay power & light co. from vancouv , british columbia-bas cominco ltd. , a mine concern , for $ 61 million. the util said west kootenay , a hydroelectr util that serv 97,000 custom , had 1986 revenu of $ 44.5 million . 
 transtar airlin , a subsidiari of dallas-bas southwest airlin , said it will form a commut airlin with close held rio airway to serv six texa citi . 
 and the big bank take advantag of this weak by insist that the small bank keep on deposit unusu heavi non-earn balances. in general , the small bank serv their local communiti veri poor . 
 gull air inc. , a commut airlin that serv the boston and miami market , su texa air corp. and it chief execut offic , frank lorenzo , alleg `` predatori busi practic aim at the destruct of gull air . '' 
 moreov , most major japanes concern have rapid move product , or at least , final assembl , to the u.s. soni , for exampl , has announc plan to expand it color-tv plant in san diego , calif. matsushita has two facil , includ one in vancouv , wash. , to serv the ge contract . 
 share in most major u.s. corpor are bought and sold ( trade , in wall street jargon ) on the new york stock exchang ; their younger and more specul competitor show up on the curb ; and most of the rest , compris ten of thousand of compani , larg and small , are found over-the-count . besid the major exchang , there are at least fifteen other , the most import be the hand of market serv detroit , boston , pittsburgh , baltimor , chicago , san francisco and their respect environ . 
 the bell telecommun compani is base in philadelphia. it serv pennsylvania , new jersey , delawar , maryland , virginia , west virginia and washington , d.c . 
 `` i 'm tire of accumul fact for the sake of facts. let scienc be lost if it doe n't serv us . '' 
 nwa acquir republ last august. moodi 's said that becaus republ 's rout system will have to be `` fine-tun '' to better serv northwest 's pacif rout , benefit from the merger will not be immedi . 
 mrs. dole contend that serious schedul problem at the two airport requir reschedul flight from extrem busi time to less congest hours. the transport depart secretari also grant `` condit immun '' to carrier serv five other airport -- dallas-fort worth , boston , denver , philadelphia and newark , n.j . 
 the bid is be made by the compani 's mark iv acquisit corp. unit. the offer fit mark iv 's strategi of buy specialti manufactur that serv nich market consid too small for larg compani and too complic and expens for small compani . 
 mr. kramer will also help market a product that has found grow accept with a larg bodi of user , both within the u.s. and internationally. the data communic market that telemat serv is still in it infanc . 
 the state were incap of cope with the nation , inde intern , econom collapse. the constitut must be broad interpret to enabl the central power to serv the general welfar . 
 it also is one that the 52-year-old mr. gardini manag to escap from -- venic is some 80 mile from his offic and princip home in ravennan -- earli everi weekend. there 's a telephon in the wood-panel elev that serv ca'dario 's wood-panel dine room , but mr. gardini give the distinct impress that ani call had better be import . 
 but as the distinct begin to blur between person comput and more sophist workstat , both in term of price and perform , market opportun broaden for both industries. inde , mr. mcneali said he would like to see sun expand it market down into area tradit serv by person comput manufactur -- such as more convent offic autom -- even as person comput maker are attempt to move into more sophist market . 
 the fight , of cours , is the long-run and bitter battl between long island light co. ( lilco ) and polit forc that includ , most import , those of new york governor mario cuomo. in the narrowest and most superfici sens , the quarrel is over whether lilco 's shoreham nuclear-pow plant repres a threat to the safeti of the heavili popul area it is intend to serv . 
 it has note that arlington , va.-bas usair and winston-salem , n.c.-base piedmont compet against each other on 21 nonstop rout , most in the northeast , and are the onli competitor on nine of those. but jame weiss , head of the justic depart 's transport section , said his agenc found that the threat of heighten competit from delta air line , allegi corp. 's unit airlin , amr corp. 's american airlin and nwa inc. 's northwest airlin , which also serv a substanti part of the northeast , would deter the merger partner from rais fare or cut servic . 
 nation intergroup inc. said it nation steel corp. unit and marubeni corp. will build a $ 17 million facil to serv the automot industri . 
 `` there alway seem to be some knot in the hose , '' say rell moor , plant manag at e.j. snyder inc. , a textile-finish compani in albemarl , n.c. mr. moor figur snyder would save $ 100,000 annual if it could buy `` transport '' gas , as the industri call gas purchas direct from a producer. but snyder has been unabl to persuad transco energi co. , the onli interst pipelin oper serv north carolina , to provid it with transport servic . 
 it has cloud the futur of the institut that up to now have born much of the burden of educ the teacher , lawyer , minist , and other leader of black america . now the colleg , particular the privat one , that tradit have serv black are in serious troubl , and the continu exist of mani of them is in doubt . 
 small freight item and passeng travel in privat own station wagon , nine-passeng limousin , or small buse that oper independ and make at least one round trip daili from the countri district to the island 's main town . honolulu has a citi transit system , with regular frequent schedul serv most neighborhood in the citi and it suburb . 
 huron counti had come far sinc his last visit . the crowd airport now serv two nation and three region airlin . 
 should the compani 's bank remain unwil to extend further credit , he said , gulf state probabl would be forc to tri rais the necessari fund through a sale of `` junk bond -- `` high-risk , high-yield secur , probabl debentur , that probabl would yield 11.75 % to 12 % . gulf state , which serv a wide area of texa and louisiana , has been struggl to obtain higher rate to pay for it $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisvill , la . 
 for exampl , i-5 through seattl , the most complex freeway of all , is credit with save this bottle-shap citi from strangulation. on one stretch , in the morn , 8 of the 12 lane that serv the busi district carri high-spe incom traffic . 
 the loos group of citi interest who have fought the interst with lawsuit and civil disturb are be join by grow number of suburban residents. the close-in suburbanit are alarm at plan to expand exist highway and build new loop and radial to serv the new outer suburb . 
 against this background , in octob , 1970 , there came a letter to the ftc from repres joe l. evin of tennesse . the tva , which serv evin ' constitu , had just rais it electr rate 25 percent . 
 sinc octob , the unit 's three top execut -- who are among the candid for the vacant posit -- have been report direct to mr. shipley. they are alan m. silverstein , 39 , senior vice presid in charg of the credit card busi ; morgan b. stark , 47 , execut vice presid for privat bank , which serv affluent custom ; and william h. turner , 46 , execut vice presid in charg of new york-area retail bank oper . 
 the report said `` the feder govern should initi a program of widespread , long-term experi in welfar polici through state-sponsor and community-bas demonstr projects. '' mr. hobb includ in welfar some 59 means-test program ( those in which benefit are restrict to peopl in certain incom categori ) that serv 52 million american and cost $ 132 billion in fiscal 1985 . 
 about 100,000 of the share will be redeem under sink fund provis for the issu ; the remain 150,000 share are be redeem at the compani 's option. consum power , base in jackson , mich. , is michigan 's largest util , serv six million resid . 
 the lawsuit charg nation fuel 's util subsidiari , nation fuel gas distribut corp. , with breach of a contract to purchas synthet natur gas from ashland. nation fuel , which serv natur gas custom in pennsylvania and new york , had been buy the synthet gas from ashland sinc 1972 , under a contract that was to run through 1984 . 
 `` he has the kind of commerci savvi we need , '' said a compani official. `` he understand the industri market we serv . '' 
 in fiscal 1987 , mesaba had revenu of $ 21.8 million. mesaba , with 385 employe , serv 21 market in six state , carri passeng to and from northwest 's giant hub at the minneapolis/st . 
 visitor liter pop in. the kuggeri 's size make two and sometim three seal-oil lamp a must , but at the same time the extra lamp serv more peopl . 
 there have been too few ration decis regard the organ of the computer. too often edp organ just happen without analysi as to how best to fit the power of the comput to serv the corpor . 
 through qo chemic , pentech produc certain specialti chemic that are use to make furfuryl alcohol and other product use in foundri resin , plastic , flame retard build materi , oil refin and urethan systems. great lake said qo 's specialti chemic line fit well into sever market it alreadi serv and enhanc it intern presenc . 
 found onli 10 year ago by a group led by sherwin memel , an intens man with an expertis in health-car law , it was for a time one of the nation 's fastest-grow law firms. it focus on serv client in the grow health-car industri such as health mainten organ , for-profit hospit and health-car insur . 
 short afterward , the florida insur depart took charg of the compani 's day-to-day manag , say it financi statement show it to be insolvent. intern medic serv 170,000 patient in florida , 79 % of whom are medicar recipi . 
 we 'd forgotten to put in the deck plug . `` they haul her out and for some thirti year the gee whiz serv us nobli . 
 transtar airlin is offer special senior citizen discount fare that rang from $ 15 to $ 59 each way in the 12 market it serv . 
 `` they are strap at a critic time , '' accord to one analyst who declin to be identified. the compani regular tout it world-wid capit market capabl to serv giant multin . 
 usair , base in washington , oper primarili in the east and midwest. pacif southwest , base in san diego , serv 29 airport , most on the west coast . 
 texa oil & gas corp. , a unit of usx corp. , said it agre to construct an intrast natur gas pipelin in south texa in partnership with northern indiana public servic co. the propos 110-mile pipelin would provid addit capac from the lobo trend area to pipelin in south texa that serv most u.s. market , the compani said . 
 tran world airlin , for exampl , has drastic reduc it plan forc and elimin layer of manag under carl icahn , who control the carrier. american airlin , which onc station a control 's offic at each airport it serv , now has a total of four control across the countri . 
 the util hold compani said it peopl natur gas divis is primarili involv in the distribut of natur gas , rather than in transmission. the 800-mile gather and transmiss system serv south central kansa , the compani said . 
 bendigo , call after an english boxer , has manag to avoid the fate of so mani place that , launch by the gold rush of 1851 , were subsequ left like strand whale by the eb of the golden tide . now it is a market town serv a prosper farm area , with a few smallish industri and a substanti popul of the retir well-to-do . 
 some had been built alreadi and seven famili had move in. the foundat of seven more were be laid and readi to serv them were a health clinic and a communiti build where adult educ and vocat train class were under way . 
 the rate rollback reflect in part the new lower feder tax rate. consolid edison , which serv new york citi and westchest counti , has n't had a rate increas sinc 1983 . 
 `` if you want a presid who 's differ , `` i said , `` vote for my oppon , becaus both of them are differ from the vast major of us. for the last 2-1/2 year they have belong to a smooth-run , effici and thorough unimagin govern which has forgotten the student it is suppos to serv . 
 the legisl author spend to modern the nation 's air-traff control system , hire 1,000 addit air-traff control , and make airport improvements. it would also extend for 10 year the essenti air servic program , which provid subsidi to airlin serv small and medium-s communiti that might otherwis have inadequ servic . 
 bendix corp. , southfield , mich. for inform : circl 523 on reader card up to 64 asynchron circuit use privat phone line , or switch twx , telex , or wat line in ani combin , can be accommod by this firm 's initi product in the digit telecommun market. call redecom , the unit also handl up to three synchron circuit use the binari synchron communic mode to serv up to 512 termin . 
 the 12 district , in turn , would be requir to vote within 18 month on consolid into six districts. stockhold in product credit associ and land bank associ that serv the same geograph area would then vote on merg . 
 atlant richfield 's primari concern appear to be the alaskan oil that it and humbl had struck , which it want to bring to the east coast . the compani view machia as the prospect site of a new refineri use some combin of regular domest , alaskan , and foreign crude and serv the new england and other eastern market . 
 amtrak should be privat not onli to remov it burden on taxpay but to find out exact where and in what form interc rail transport is econom viable. the postal servic argu that it privat would disadvantag remot , hard-to-servic area that are now cross-subsid , but the parcel servic that alreadi compet with uncl sam do n't seem to have troubl find way to serv custom . 
 it is expect to be complet in the spring of 1988. colgat said it chose the site becaus it locat can best serv the compani 's midwest and northeast market . 
 if an airlin has mistreat you , file a complaint with the civil aeronaut board in washington , d.c. do n't expect immedi result from these letters. some critic believ that the feder regulatori agenc have much more sympathi with the industri they regul than with the custom whom those industri serv and there is a good deal of evid to support this view . 
 it was $ 98 a year ago. fare are also rise in a few market that are n't even domin by a carrier , particular if peopl express serv the market . 
 american telephon & telegraph co. said the treasuri award it an $ 86 million contract for a digit telecommun system. at & t is to provid a 26,000-line switch system to serv all treasuri offic in metropolitan washington . 
 youth plan is fair practic between big airport that schedul plenti of flight for you to fall back on , but it 's peril between two-flights-a-day towns. what 's more , small airlin ( which serv small town ) do n't honor the youth plan but have plan of their own , most of them less econom . 
 centuri said it expect to be join in the acquisit and manag of communiti cablevis by ml media partner l.p. , it partner in the puerto rican cable-tv compani it alreadi operates. centuri said it own or oper 45 cable-tv system that serv 690,000 primari subscrib in 21 state and puerto rico . 
 the transport depart gave final approv to american airlin to acquir aci hold inc. for $ 225 million. the depart said the takeov would n't substanti reduc competit on rout serv by both american and aci hold ' unit , aircal , becaus other carrier provid competit servic . 
 rollin burdick , an insur brokerag concern , said it will merg adam & porter with it texa operations. the compani said the acquisit will signific strengthen it commit to serv the southwest and bring expertis in the field of marin and energi insur . 
 texa air corp. 's continent airlin unit critic the rule becaus it appli onli to the 27 largest airports. the carrier , which said it will ask that the rule be expand to includ all market serv by the carrier , said consum also should be given a singl number indic an airlin 's on-tim perform throughout the system . 
 the credit card oper , bank of america card servic , has asset of about $ 26 million. it serv 115,000 cardhold and 35,000 merchant in the west german market . 
 the util plan to use the addit revenu for plant invest and oper expens , the compani added. manchest gas serv about 18,000 custom in the manchest area . 
 while there is no doubt that the c. c. r. posit would be endors by most young peopl enter busi today , it rais at least as mani question as it answers. it can be argu that , within the boundari set by law and social custom , busi should inde maxim profit if it is to oper effici and truli serv societi well . 
 the new presid and chief execut offic say the compani is approach by potenti suitor `` all the time. '' they come most from the publish industri , which hammond serv . 
 a display featur the latest in electr heat pumps. in the `` video center , '' businessmen think about set up shop in georgia can punch a button and see everi avail industri site in the state that is serv by georgia powerplus a videotap introduct to georgia by southern co. chairman edward addison , either in english or dub in japanes or german . 
 the note , which could have been payabl next march 31 , repres a potenti liabil of about $ 20 million. the compani , which serv market in electron and electr part , custom-engin product and swim pool , said elimin of the note will rais sharehold equiti 11 % as it carri $ 7.5 million of the potenti liabil on it balanc sheet at the end of the second quarter . 
 nynex corp. increas it quarter dividend 9.2 % , to 95 cent a share from 87 cent , payabl may 1 to share of record march 31. the compani said the dividend reflect a confid in it abil to tap `` the great potenti of the expand market we serv . '' 
 but with europ in a slump , job are hard to come by. the executive-plac firm usual serv onli the largest british corpor and have littl contact with smaller compani that might hire an american if they knew he was avail . 
 the debt and interest would be exchang for as much as $ 8.6 million face amount of 12 % senior subordin note due 1994 ; as much as $ 23.6 million face amount of 9.35 % convert debentur due 1997 ; as mani as 16.5 million digicon common share ; and as much as $ 22.1 million face amount of extinguish debt certificates. digicon , a survey and data-process concern that serv the oil industri , said the certif will expir without valu if the new senior subordin note and convert debentur are redeem , retir or convert in a time manner . 
 the wholesal food distributor , which oper nationwid , attribut the result to `` difficulti in northern california where divis have been affect by an excess inventori buildup and result increas in expenses. '' the compani said it recent close a distribut facil in richmond , calif. , that serv about 360 retail food store becaus the facil was `` small and could n't be renov or enlarg . '' 
 under mr. eli , who becam chief execut in earli 1985 , converg has embark on a new strategi to creat what it call a `` feder '' of softwar compani special in applic for small businesses. mr. smith said converg 's softwar activ , includ subsidiari serv auto dealership , beverag distributorship and lumber yard , current account for about a third of the compani 's revenu , with the remaind come from converg 's tradit original-equip , or oem , comput busi . 
 they are britain and franc , head a european consortium , and , more recent , japan and china. all have run into difficulti in design larg rocket booster ; the european group , which want to develop a region communic satellit of it own to serv western europ , has had special difficulti . 
 sunday , dec. 28 , 9-10 p.m. et , on wnyw in new york ; various date and time in other market serv by orbi communic ( check local list ) : `` the entrepreneur , program iii , expand america . '' 
 the util said it expect a decis by may , but that it has n't yet decid when it might take the write-down. wppss , a municip power suppli system , undertook an ambiti plan to build five nuclear power plant to serv the northwest . 
 it was divid into pen of various size by heavi wire mesh stretch between a framework of tube , so that the cage anim were alway in sight of anyon in the four personnel corridor which ran fore and aft along the side of the enclosure. the food and water dispens also differ in size and complex , and were fit to the common wall between two cage so as to serv both . 
 similar , lack of space at lackawanna demand construct of huge cylindr filter tank , spread around differ part of the plant , in which process water is now filter to crystal clariti befor it is releas back into lake erie. at burn harbor , where low-slung build stretch over 3,300 acr of land , bethlehem engin were abl to build a central treatment facil to serv the entir plant . 
 mr. fickl said the compani will concentr on it psychiatr facil , which repres it most profit segment. `` we have an aggress expans program to bring freestand psychiatr hospit to communiti that have n't been serv , '' he said . 
 they spent year build a compani that mani peopl in this predomin black citi had hope would anchor a strong black busi sector. the compani still serv the communiti , but the new owner is white . 
 he said sas also want to determin the outcom of talk that could lead to the liber of air travel between the u.s. and scandinavia. sas hope to receiv approv from u.s. author to fli to an unlimit number of american destin , instead of the four u.s. citi it current can serv . 
 most open their door to ventur of ani kind. but now , newer incub are take a page from compani founder themselv by adopt nich strategi and serv specif industri segment . 
 piedmont 's baltimor hub and usair 's hub in washington would give the new compani a strong presenc in the region. moreov , the merger would combin two of the best balanc sheet in the industri along with similar pay scale , compat fleet of medium-rang aircraft and a common histori of prosper by serv second-ti hub like pittsburgh and charlott , n.c . 
 trygv mhyren , chief execut offic of time inc. 's 80 % -own american televis & communic inc. , say , `` we would n't pay $ 2,000 ( per subscrib ) for everyth , but we re will to do it for thing that make sens , '' for exampl , system that are geograph contigu to exist american televis markets. mr. mhyren say that sinc last august his compani has bought cabl system serv 80,000 subscrib at price rang between $ 1,200 and $ 2,000 per subscrib . 
 the wall street journal/europ will transmit full-pag imag of each issu via satellit from it print center in heerlen , the netherland , to the ringier plant. the plant will serv subscrib and newsstand buyer in switzerland , itali , austria , and southern germani . 
 but mr. zeeman maintain that ual has been abl to achiev sever cost savings. for exampl , the compani can demand discount price from supplier who want to serv both unit and hertz . 
 the propos purchas is in line with converg 's strategi , under paul c. eli , chairman and chief execut offic , to creat what it has call a feder of softwar compani special in applic for small businesses. the softwar activ serv , for exampl , auto dealer , beverag distributor and lumber yard . 
 as a trade associ serv 1,250 of the u.s. 's and canada 's finest health , racquet and athlet club , we winc when we read your april 3 second-front-pag articl `` fiscal fit : effort to regul health club fail to end abus . '' 
 public servic has said it has enough cash to pay it bill until the end of the year. eastern main , which serv about 9,400 rural custom , has annual revenu of about $ 6.5 million , said jame l. dean iii , general manag . 
 `` the onli news that move the market at all ( friday ) has been the continu debat about whether the ( reagan ) administr is will to let the dollar fall further , '' said daniel o'connel , senior dealer at first nation bank of chicago. mr. o'connel said the market perk up on a report by market news servic , a small wire servic serv main currenc and bond trader . 
 the rate concern cite emerg rate increas recent grant by louisiana and texa regulators. gulf state , which serv the slump petrochemical-produc region of the gulf coast , has been seek higher rate to pay for it $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisvill , la . 
 avx and vishay said they expect to continu oper all the divis ' plant and will offer employ to most of the 2,600 corn employe world-wid in those operations. corn said it will continu to serv it electron custom until the transact are complet , which is expect by year-end . 
 britt airway , a commut carrier that texa air acquir when it purchas peopl express inc. last year , will replac royal 's role as a region feeder for continent in the market where royal flew. royal alreadi was smart from a declin in passeng traffic and revenu -- it serv primarili busi traffic in the depress oil patch . 
 the cotton gin brought to the south the onli part of the industri revolut with which it found no fault and which it adopt more wide than all other manufactur devices. the steam engin was adopt princip to serv the gin or to transport the stapl it process . 
 new york-bas nynex corp. is a member of anoth group that want to lay a transatlant phone cabl on the ocean floor. both compani serv larg number of busi and financi custom and see intern transmiss of data as a larg growth market . 
 the note are due march 20 , 1990. salli mae , a financi intermediari serv the educ credit market , said proceed will be use for general corpor purpos . 
 opec has , of cours , reviv the fixed-pric system onc , and possibl could do it again. but oil execut and analyst maintain that the collaps of the system that has serv opec and the rest of the oil industri so well for decad is an egg that ca n't be unscrambl . 
 the abbrevi use in this volum for degre grant by individu institut are list and explain below. this section of the guid includ those colleg that provid limit residenti facil and / or serv primarili a local student bodi . 
 in addit , almost 1,000 ibmer now work full time at larg compani ' data centers. last year , ibm ad 70 special team to the 130 that each serv one major custom ; it is ad 200 more . 
 no tucker for them here now , but they ll come back with the wet . `` this was echo next day by a girl in white cliff , a ghost town that onc serv a cluster of opal mine . 
 the denver & rio grand western railroad unit of rio grand industri is a 2,500-mile system between utah and kansa citi , mo. the combin would creat one of the five largest rail system in the u.s. , a 15,500-mile system serv 14 state . 
 occident petroleum corp. said it subsidiari in the unit kingdom would declar a forc majeur in it north sea oper on friday if pipelin repair continu to interrupt oil product there. the energi and agricultural-product concern said the pipelin repair have halt product at the flotta termin , which serv the piper , scapa and claymor field oper by the occident unit and two field oper by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc . 
 the icc recent schedul oral argument for may 14 on whether it should reopen the case. mr. reed , who began his career at santa fe in 1939 , first propos in 1980 the merger of the two railroad , which serv extens part of the west and southwest , but could reach no agreement at the time with his longtim rival , benjamin biaggini , then-chairman of the southern pacif co . 
 traffic on the ben franklin bridg , for exampl , has drop between 2 and 3 percent , as measur dure a twenty-four-hour period . that may not sound like much of a reduct , but it came about despit substanti growth in the number of peopl and automobil in the region serv by the line . 
 this notion was akin to the child 's notion that live in a hotel is free becaus you do n't pay for anyth , you onli sign your name ; that is to say , the notion is true some of the time but time do come when it is not true . such a time came for the advertis busi , along with the economi it serv , with the 1930 's . 
 eastern start the `` moonlight special '' in april 1985 from houston. the flight , which serv 18 citi , were move to chicago 's o'har airport this februari . 
 in august 1982 , the compani receiv a 4.26 % annual rate increas , or $ 39.6 million. at that time , the commiss said that in it next rate increas , the compani should bring the differ rate of return for it various custom group more in line with the actual cost of serv them . 
 rupert murdoch 's news corp. plan to sell a major stake in sky channel , it european cabl satellit servic , to investor in countri the system serv . 
 the legisl see it as offer feder aid in place of the current litigation-stal plan for stronger unit to bail out weaker ones. `` the longer these court case stay out , the longer the poorer bank are go to be in jeopardi , '' said rep. fred grandi ( r. , iowa ) , whose congression district is serv by the system 's struggl omaha , neb. , district . 
 continent airlin said it will establish a `` mini-hub '' in cleveland while it lay the groundwork for further growth at that airport later this year. the texa air corp. unit is increas daili departur to 25 from 16 juli 1 , and is doubl the number of citi it serv nonstop from cleveland to 10 . 
 utilicorp unit inc. said it receiv the approv of the west virginia public servic commiss to acquir west virginia power from dominion resourc inc. for $ 19 million. the util said it sign a definit agreement in septemb 1985 to buy west virginia power , which serv 22,000 electr custom . 
 the problem becom not one of tri to stop compani from grow larg this is imposs and not even desirable. the problem is to keep the giant in a genuin competit posit so that they will serv the consum well , and not grow at his expens . 
 when presid reagan 's new commiss on privat discuss recent what govern asset could be sold , former secretari of defens melvin laird , now a counselor for reader 's digest , call for exempt the postal servic from such an examination. mr. laird , who admit he had a conflict of interest becaus the digest is the servic 's largest privat postal custom , said that rural area would not be serv if `` the cream of the crop { were } skim off . '' 
 this compact had two aspects. first , in return for a monopoli franchis , util accept an oblig to serv all comer . 
 canadian nation is own by the canadian government. terra nova , base in gander , newfoundland , serv 50,000 subscrib in part of newfoundland and labrador , and is expect to report net incom for 1987 of four million canadian dollar ( $ 3.1 million ) on revenu of 46 million dollar . 
 she ad that when the account was introduc in march 1984 , the compani oper onli three full-servic thrift unit outsid new york. she said citicorp intend to reli more heavili on those unit , as well as other acquir sinc then , to serv individu custom . 
 the water you so casual speak of is more often to be found in the wall and on the floor than in the conveni wash basin or bath to which you are accustom . i ve visit home of some of these children where water for a famili in an upstair flat had to be fetch by bucket or pail from the singl back-yard tap which serv five or six famili . 
 in give it tentat go-ahead , the transport agenc said that usair and psa oper larg in differ region of the country. usair 's princip hub is pittsburgh , and of the 83 airport the airlin serv , onli about a dozen are west of st. louis. psa serv 29 airport , most on the west coast . 
 at yesterday 's close price , those share have an indic valu of about $ 84 million. on the basi of subscrib serv , the partnership are near as valuabl as the public company. essex serv about 63,000 subscrib , it four partnership about 62,000 . 
 nabanco holder will receiv 30 % of the purchas price in cash and 70 % in first financi common with a valu of $ 27 a share for the initi payment , the compani said. nabanco , which serv 15,000 custom , had 1986 revenu of $ 122 million , first financi said . 
 but schedul air carrier are still the safest form of transport known to mankind. if there are adequ resourc for the faa to hire and train control , inspector and technician , to improv airport , and to develop and procur new equip , the u.s. aviat system will continu to improv and to serv the economi and the american peopl extraordinarili well . 
 the 31-branch west german unit , monchengladbach-bas bankhaus central credit ag , had total year-end asset of about $ 500 million , bankamerica said. the credit card oper , bank of america card servic , frankfurt , has asset of about $ 28 million and serv about 115,000 custom in west germani . 
 alaska air group , parent of alaska airlin , said it was unabl to reach `` satisfactori '' terms. san juan airlin serv washington 's puget sound area with 12 aircraft . 
 acton corp. said it acton catv inc. unit complet the previous announc sale of it utah cable-televis properti to insight communic co. , new york , for $ 24.5 million. the utah properti , most of which are near salt lake citi , serv about 16,000 subscrib in 14 citi . 
 they re oper now with one sigma 7 but hope to have multiple-comput process and 10,000 custom termin instal in the los angel area within a year. ultim the compani want to serv everi larg metropolitan area in the countri through `` sever larg center , `` but right now it 's still `` think local . '' 
 usair oper primarili in the east and midwest. psa serv 29 airport , main on the west coast . 
 moodi 's investor servic inc. said the agreement , if complet , could lead to a possibl downgrad of rate on chemic 's $ 1.3 billion of debt , and to a possibl upgrad of rate on texa commerc 's $ 250 million of debt. chemic , known for it expertis in serv consum and middle-market compani , expect to help texa commerc expand it retail bank oper , an area in which texa commerc is n't consid strong . 
 but the deal hang on whether the british aircraft corpor decid to re-open it vc10 product line , shut down near a year ago . first countri to be serv by the new airlin : albania , tanzania , algeria , congo-brazzavill and iraq . 
 the gi 's letter home was publish in the akron , ohio , beacon journal on march 27 , 1967 , and cite in in the name of america , a studi of u.s. militari behavior in vietnam publish in 1968 by the clergi and laymen concern about vietnam . terri reid 's account of action in the 11th brigad was publish by the paper , a daili newspap serv central wisconsin : `` fond du lac gi say viet slaughter `` common , `` `` by allen ekval . 
 the publish compani said it expect to complet the sale by year 's end. woodburi , n.y.-bas cablevis alreadi own one-third of sportschannel , which serv subscrib in new england , new york , chicago and philadelphia . 
 the cost of the bakeri was n't disclosed. the two new bakeri repres a new market for staley , which had not previous serv mcdonald 's facil in those countri , a spokesman said . 
 but glass may give way to plastics. '' howev , richard ringoen , ball 's chairman , presid and chief execut offic , said , `` we are look at this combin as a good busi opportun for our compani , as well as a strengthen commit on our part to serv the glass contain market . '' 
 specif , the commiss said the establish carrier could abandon the present rate-mak system to meet competit . this system averag the cost of serv high- and low-dens area . 
 but america west subsequ drop it object , and the orang counti board of supervisor agre to provid twa with two slot at the airport to allow it to begin servic there. in addit , american agre to give up two of it slot at the airport ; the counti board assign them to ual inc. 's unit airlin , which also will begin serv the airport . 
 it probabl will involv the sale or close of a construction-equip tire plant in bloomington , ill. , and a farm tire plant in des moin , iowa , mr. nevin said. fireston is seek to sell the plant , which serv market that have shrunk drastic , to employe or to merg them into anoth produc to preserv job , mr. nevin said . 
 american cablesystem corp. said a subsidiari agre in principl to acquir a cabl televis system in the los angel area from heritag communic inc. for $ 15.5 million. the subsidiari , american cablesystem of california inc. , propos to buy a system that serv eight communiti in los angel counti and has about 12,000 subscrib , the parent said . 
 the sale is subject to regulatori approv and other condit and is expect to be complet within 120 day , adams-russel said. the cable-tv system serv about 51,000 subscrib in rockford , love park , machesney park , cherri valley , morristown and winnebago counti , ill. , the compani ad . 
 one reason for the emphasi on job search is that it is relat cheap. the program can serv more recipi if they help them look for exist job than if they tri to provid them with expens train or govern job . 
 mr. breskovich contend that much of the current clamor to plug the loophol come from shore-bas process plant in alaska , which he consid inadequ to compet with factori ship process at sea. catcher ship serv a mother factori ship travel onli 20 to 30 mile to unload , while those serv shore plant often go 200 mile or more , he say . 
 if sovereignti at bay is right , the time of these enterpris also will be finite. and the new wave of multin enterpris just offstag will be no less indispens , no less domin and , ala , even more tension beget in the countri they serv than those that went befor . 
 there is a jamaican broadcast station own by the govern . it serv the entir island . `` 
 base on rochest 's close price of $ 44.75 a share in composit trade yesterday on the new york stock exchang , the transact has a total valu of about $ 26.3 million. enterpris , which serv about 15,700 access line in a territori between harrisburg , pa. , and philadelphia , will becom rochest telephon 's third telephon oper compani in pennsylvania . 
 scripps-howard broadcast , a subsidiari of scripp howard , a close held communic concern , said the sale is expect to boost it 1987 earn by about $ 18.1 million , or about $ 1.75 a share , although a final transact amount wo n't be determin until certain post-clos adjust have been made. scripps-howard broadcast sold it interest in system serv about 121,000 subscrib in fairfield counti and the bridgeport area . 
 the guid , which had revenu of about $ 30 million last year , tailor list to individu cabl systems. mr. broyl , who in addit to his newsweek post was the found editor of texa month magazin , said , `` the magazin 's reader use it all month long , and the opportun to continu improv how it serv it reader is an excit one . '' 
 weichert realtor inc. said it acquir ad & p realtor , parent of andrew , dickinson & pinkston , an independ agenc base in west chester , pa. , that serv six philadelphia-area counti and delawar . 
 ps group has interest in oil and gas explor and jet-fuel market , among other things. pacif southwest serv 29 airport , primarili on the west coast . 
 the investor group includ american-standard 's presid , terri a. tevis. the memphi , tenn.-bas print unit , which now will oper under the name american signatur graphic , serv magazin , catalog and commerci market . 
 the depart said the takeov would n't substanti reduc competit on rout serv by both american and aci hold ' unit , aircal , becaus other carrier provid competit service. the agenc also said there is no evid that other carrier ca n't obtain need facil at 13 of the 14 airport serv by both airlin . 
 some colleg seek activ to attract a divers student bodi that reflect the varieti geograph , econom , racial , religi , and cultur of the entir nation. other institut are design to serv a specif clientel member of a particular church , resid of a given area , or individu interest in some special field of studi . 
 instead , they pull up the drawbridg over their moat and fight to protect their monopoli franchises. mani have good reason : insan regulatori polici often prevent them from meet competit or oblig them to remain prepar to meet the futur need of custom who have chosen to be serv by a competitor . 
 henri seidel canbi , one of america 's foremost men of letter , was a non-friend who attend the quaker school in wilmington , delawar , in the 1890 's . of this experi he wrote : at first the academi , serv both boy and girl , were govern by the strictest rule . 
 `` avia stand more for technic ( perform ) side of the busi and reebok , the fashion side , '' she said. `` as long as reebok and avia can serv differ part of the market , they will serv a bigger part of the market . '' 
 the general manag call in local airlin execut in the summer when he get his schedul for the come season . sinc each of the nhl club is in a major citi , there are sever major airlin serv his citi and the general manag usual is abl to take care of most of his reserv . 
 the carrier said american eagl will offer the same level of servic as american and will add one flight between burbank and oakland. a wing west spokeswoman said the carrier plan to buy 10 jet , with 50 to 68 seat each , to serv the american rout and other rout that wing west plan to add . 
 the step would rais an addit $ 1.7 billion in tax for the govern over the next five years. but account believ the surg in volum will serious hamper their abil to serv small-busi client . 
 the council nomin success candid for four year . at present the consult committe which serv the coal and steel communiti is made up of employ , worker mani of whom are trade unionist and a `` general interest `` group . 
 the justic refus to hear a challeng to a 1984 feder law that prohibit cross-ownership of televis station and cabl system serv the same communiti . 
 asarco inc. announc the format of a technic servic center to provid consult in engin , environment scienc , research and security. the center , which will be base in salt lake citi , consolid the mine compani 's depart of environment scienc , research and engin into a singl unit that will serv both asarco and outsid organ . 
 other build their properti around a golf cours or natur lake and then use these facil as basic sell point to justifi the entir project. most of the time , though , facil that serv the communiti commerci and cultur grow up around it . 
 eventu it hope to be abl to use twenty-four lockhe l-1011 tristar it has that mani on order now which seem well suit to delta 's medium-s rout . ( but , like all tristar custom , delta has had some larg uncertainti about the plane in the wake of the bankruptci of rolls-royc , and has order five dougla dc-10 's . ) charl h. dolson , chief execut , feel that delta 's prime advantag is the fact that it serv the southeast and california , `` the two fastest-grow region in the countri . `` and although eastern air line was serv atlanta befor it did , delta has nevertheless manag to identifi itself with the growth of that citi , where it is now the largest employ . 
 but the compani can alter it rate for intrast long-dist call , busi system and other servic without regulatori permission. the compani agre to continu to modern vermont 's telephon network and to continu to provid telephon servic to all area of the state it now serv . 
 a special network. the nerv fiber which serv these organ form a special network of fiber . 
 the system spokesman said that the expect insolv was n't tie to that disput , and that if the increas reserv are eventu requir , the jackson bank would be deeper in the red. the system said the jackson bank is `` explor altern mean '' of stay in busi and serv it custom , but as of yesterday had n't develop a plan to do that . 
 mr. picken drop the bid after receiv a letter from kn refus his bid that he describ as `` insult and dishonest. '' lakewood , colo.-bas kn own three pipelin system that serv wholesal and retail custom in nebraska , kansa , wyom , texa and colorado . 
 the 70,000-kilowatt project will be built on the cowlitz river between riff lake and the town of randle. it will generat about 250 million kilowatt hour annual to serv the 21,000 resid of lewi counti , the close held construct and engin concern said . 
 owen butler , retir chairman of procter & gambl co. , is chairman of the committe 's panel on the educ disadvantaged. the committe recommend a `` radic redefinit '' and a `` fundament restructur '' of mani school that serv the disadvantag . 
 the public sector doe the best and most effici job of meet the need of peopl over age 65. the privat sector has had 20 year to tri to serv this market , and has fail . 
 if branch restrict keep them sole or almost sole within a troubl farm area , such a lend polici is to be expect -- inde ani other polici would be stupid. a nationwid bank would be much freer to construct a lend polici that would better serv the area . 
 lawrenc k. altman in new york time if the kid ca n't go to the dentist , then the dentist must come to the kid . that 's the philosophi behind the `` smilemobil `` a 40-foot van run by the nonprofit children 's dental health servic in rochest , n.y. , which serv near 1000 inner-c youngster . 
 angel castillo , an attorney and former report brought in last year as associ manag editor for news to lead the paper 's effort in becom more relev to hispan , say chang has been pain slow. `` the herald still has fewer peopl at the execut level in the news depart than it need both to reflect the communiti it serv and to be abl to understand that communiti , '' say mr. castillo . 
 om was expect to request except treatment for this , so it look as if they re look forward to purchas be made . a system simul facil serv all feder agenc will be establish by the air forc and general servic administr sometim this year and , it is learn , may be in busi by juli 1 . 
 he had onli come to offer his time and experi to the provinci author . they should call on him if ever ... a middl school serv torregreca and four other township need a director : don arrigo 's appoint was entir logic . 
 your rational is flaw becaus it is base on an impli premis that suitabl secondari airport are available. there is in fact a dire and increas shortag of general-avi airport to serv metropolitan area . 
 nwa said that as it adjust to it larger domest airlin system , improv schedul should make for a more effici oper , bring cost down. the compani said it plan chang in it comput system in the month ahead that will hope serv passeng more quick and effici . 
 term were n't disclosed. frostex , which serv texa , oklahoma , louisiana and part of arkansa , had sale of $ 92 million in fiscal 1986 . 
 there are more than two million scatter across the country. our noxontown pond was origin a marsh , dam in 1736 to serv the gristmil of thoma noxon . 
 the new unit , which has asset of $ 1.7 billion , will oper under the name crossland save fsb. the parent compani , which has asset of more than $ 10 billion , said the acquisit will allow it `` to serv the attract california market as well as other key complementari western market . '' 
 the compani has offic in 30 citi and local servic in more than 40 . the network is serv by 22 comput system 19 xds 940 's , one sigma 7 , and two pdp-10 's . 
 western is a cable-televis and microwave-system concern. marcus own and oper cabl tv system in minnesota , wisconsin and pennsylvania , serv about 135,000 subscrib . 
 at this write , accord to it presid , william lonergan , it had sign up one ( which could n't be name becaus of legal complic involv , of cours , communic ) and was talk to `` 8 to 10 other . `` telemax has contract with 12 airlin includ american , a hold-out from the group that was contract with atar , which it serv through an interfac to the airlin ' sabr system . 
 whi ? electr is move into market onc serv by oil and natur gas . 
 the compani is the u.s. subsidiari of yamaichi secur co. , which it said is japan 's oldest invest company. yamaichi intern said the exchang membership will enhanc it abil to serv investor world-wid . 
 the wall are line with sticki sideboard , cover with cloudi , crack decant , basin of tin , and pile of thick , blue-bord china plate that were manufactur at tournai . in one corner , there is a box with number compart that serv to hold the boarder ' napkin , spot with greas and wine . 
 bear , stearn & co. will manag the offer. the offer fit mark iv 's strategi of buy specialti manufactur that serv nich market consid too small for larg compani and too complic and expens for small compani . 
 the audit said carolina power should have anticip the cancel of three of the origin four harri unit and that alleg `` excess cost '' could have been avoid , princip by redesign the plant in 1975 from a singl four-unit facil to two two-unit plant , carolina power said. the report contend that the redesign would have reduc the cost associ with the common facil that now serv the harri unit 1 , but which were origin design to serv four unit , the compani said . 
 the net gain includ $ 198 million from the sale of most of the real estat invest of it real estat unit and $ 13 million from the reorgan of it invest in alcoa of great britain. those gain were part offset by the follow charg : $ 14 million as a result of the effect of excess world-wid ship capac on it steamship oper ; $ 13 million relat to it invest in venezuela and to a joint ventur serv the oil and gas industri ; and $ 46 million for write-off from the shutdown of it lancast , pa. , plant , consolid of two ingot plant at alcoa , tenn. , and withdraw from a joint ventur to build a magnesium plant . 
 the limit 's rise from $ 133,250 last week enabl 200,000 purchas to avoid higher charg associ with mortgag that exceed the ceiling. a perman freez would restrict fanni mae 's and freddi mac 's `` continu encroach on the market serv by privat firm , '' the budget said . 
 it said detail -- and the spin-off itself -- are expect in the next three to six month , subject to a rule from the intern revenu servic that the transact would be tax-fre to both ic and it shareholders. in the past sever year , ic has sold part of the railroad , cut it from a 9,600-mile system to it current core of 3,000 mile serv market between chicago , st. loui , memphi and new orlean . 
 they are kwex , san antonio , texa ; kmex , los angel ; wx-tv , patterson , n.j. ; wl-tv , miami , and kf-tv , hanford , calif. five are so-cal low-pow televis station , which general serv much smaller audienc than the convent one . 
 state and local family-plan outlay for 1971 are n't avail , but if we compar feder expenditur that year of $ 65 million with spend at all level of govern in 1981 , $ 377 million , we find onli a 2.58-fold constant-dollar increas , a far cri from the 20-fold report by mr. weed. it is true , as mr. weed state , that feder fund family-plan clinic serv 1.5 million teen-ag in the u.s. yet he fail to mention that 11 million teen-ag are sexual activ . 
 first southern feder save & loan associ said it sharehold approv chang the compani 's name to altus bank and it charter to a feder save bank from a save & loan association. the mobil , ala.-bas thrift institut said the name chang , which is up for consider at it annual meet , was a result of the similar between first southern and the name of various other compani in area it serv . 
 complet of the transact is expect by june 30 , 1988. mt baker , with asset of $ 164 million and deposit of $ 110 million , repres a strateg access to area of washington state not current serv by u.s. bancorp or it unit , u.s. bancorp said . 
 the result by the two bell hold compani reflect contrast region economies. san francisco-bas pacif telesi , whose phone compani unit serv econom vibrant california and nevada , show grow demand for service. on the other hand , the five-st territori serv by st. louis-bas southwestern bell includ texa and oklahoma , whose economi are tatter . 
 in fact , given the high develop u.s. transport infrastructur , few if ani shipper are truli `` captiv '' to rails. the best case is made by electr util that have power plant serv by coal-haul road , but big util do n't lack bargain power . 
 typic , partner in cabl ventur put their own traffic on the cabl and leas capac to others. most intern cabl ventur are own by a consortium of concern includ countri serv by the cabl . 
 gulf state join a long list of major util whose solvenc has been thrust into doubt over nuclear plants. most notabl , new orleans-bas middl south util inc. , which like gulf state serv the huge petrochem corridor of the gulf coast , recent avert financi failur by receiv last-minut rate increas for it huge grand gulf plant . 
 piedmont 's baltimor hub and usair 's hub in washington would give the new compani a strong presenc in that region. such a merger would combin two of the best balanc sheet in the industri along with similar pay scale , compat fleet of medium-rang aircraft and a common histori of prosper by serv second-ti hub like pittsburgh and charlott , n.c . 
 it is n't known whether the ir will tri to collect the tax from such concerns. long weekend : tri to spread out plea for help by toll-fre phone , ir assist serv new england and upstat new york are take call from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. on saturday and sunday through april 12 . 
 the upshot , for all practic purpos , is no competit at all. retail testifi that no dairi other than the one serv them ever solicit their business. antonio puccio , a brooklyn store owner , testifi that when he explicit offer his patronag to a dairi other than the one serv him , he was refus . 
 the compani said it is also ad execut to it senior manag team. sanford i. weill , commerci credit 's chairman and chief execut offic , said the new structur would enabl the compani to `` elimin duplic , increas product and effici and better serv our custom . '' 
 among other thing , invest banker arrang merger and acquisit , currenc swap and privat financings. richard j. boyl , chase 's recent appoint vice chairman in charg of the global bank , said in an interview : `` we are marshal our forc to better serv our custom global . 
 