mfs multimarket incom trust , a closed-end invest trust , said it sold 110 million share of benefici interest at $ 10 a share for a total of $ 1.1 billion , one of the largest initi public offer in the u.s. mfs multimarket , for which massachusett financi servic co. will serv as advis , invest in a varieti of invest vehicl to obtain a high level of current incom . 
 `` have got rid of mcclellan doe not seem to satisfi them ( stanton and halleck ) , `` major wainwright note . `` they would have everi man kill off that ever serv under him . `` 
 his other book are a kind of homecom and choic of straw . from 1960 to 1966 he serv in franc with the world veteran feder and with unesco . 
 mr. weaver , 52 year old , succeed edward r. farley jr. , the compani 's 67-year-old chairman and chief execut , who retired. mr. farley will continu to serv as a director . 
 `` mother did take an activ part in the sunday school work , though . she did n't teach a class , but she serv on a number of committe . onc she call on a woman who had just move to town , to ask her to serv on a fund-rais committe . 
 he was short chosen presid of the execut council of pennsylvania . while serv in this capac , he was chosen a member of the constitut convent which met in may 1787 . 
 it might have remain just that , remot and shroud in mysteri like the nearbi biblic citi of sodom and gomorah , had it not been for the dream of one man : dr. yigael yadin , professor of archeolog at the hebrew univers in jerusalem . yadin , today a quiet , 50-year-old scholar , was chief of oper dure israel 's 1948 war for independ , then serv as isra chief of staff until he resign in 1952 . 
 everi team put in $ 1,500 a year for each player into the pension fund , a figur match by the player . in the event of disput over salari , campbel serv as a mediat if either parti request arbitr and the owner felt he general gave the player the benefit of the doubt . 
 most of the children have receiv littl medic or dental attent . some 750 high-mind physician like dr. kruger will soon be serv in 41 such offic of econom opportun healthright center around the nation . 
 sorg and ott had hit it off from the start . both men had serv on the western front , and both love chess . 
 i share with dr. jone the feel that this present chapter in his life may well be climax by his presenc and wit for christ at the world ashram congress in jerusalem and galile , june 25-29 , 1972 five day of ashram fellowship with peopl from mani countri six day of walk where jesus walk in tour israel and jordan , and a climact communion servic at the sea of galilee. i am grate for the privileg to serv as chairman of this world event . 
 trimedyn , a maker of fiber-opt cathet for diagnost use , did n't give a reason for mr. henson 's resign , and the 41-year-old execut could n't be reach for comment. richard randal , execut vice presid and general manag of the compani 's medic laser unit , will serv as act presid and chief execut begin jan. 31 until a replac is found , trimedyn said. mr. henson , who has serv as presid and chief execut offic sinc 1983 , has agre to remain a director until feb. 28 or until a replac is select , the compani said . 
 final , wilcox conclud , a profession director would be haunt by `` the constant specter of conflict of interest . `` so wilcox decid to accept an offer to becom vice chairman of eastman dillon , union secur & co. , and continu serv on board ( current seven ) as a sidelin . 
 on friday , mr. fowler , who has champion broadcast and telecommun deregul , inform presid reagan that he intend to resign this spring. mr. fowler , who has serv for near six year , said , `` there 's a natur break point in life ; it 's time to move on . '' 
 small-busi owner who have n't paid such polit due `` will find it tough , '' he advises. paul farago , a pawtucket , r.i. , maker of small part use in assembl wire and cabl , has the advantag of serv as sen. robert dole 's financ chairman in a small state with a relat simpl delegate-select process , thus gain an insid track to a deleg 's slot . 
 in anoth recommend reflect the view of u.s. industri , the academi report also advis the commerc and state depart to regain `` leadership '' it say they have lost to the pentagon in form export-control policies. mr. allen , a former air forc chief of staff who now serv as vice presid of the california institut of technolog , said that while the pentagon has done a `` commend '' job in take an earli initi on the issu , the u.s. now must reassess it polici . 
 the depart will receiv public comment on the plan for 45 day , and then will make an offici proposal. ani new rule would supplement exist one that bar pilot , flight engin and attend from serv as crew member within eight hour of drink , while under the influenc of alcohol , or while use a drug that can hurt their perform . 
 a feder judg appoint eugen anderson , a former assist u.s. attorney in manhattan , as truste for the citi 's primari concret worker union. mr. anderson , a partner at anderson , russel , kill & olick in new york , will serv from april 6 , 1987 to late 1990 . 
 be the onli american with whom vergenn care to deal , the chief burden of the negoti with the french govern fell to him . he also serv virtual as consul , judg of admiralti , and director of naval affair . 
 the propos die for lack of a second. mr. henkel 's nomin was push by former sen. mack mat , a georgia republican who serv on the senat bank committe . 
 and his budget-cut effort often were thwart by member of congress determin to shield polit popular transit programs. befor becom umta administr , he serv as chief of staff to transport secretari elizabeth dole , and special assist to former transport secretari drew lewi . 
 and they re get healthi pay. doctor serv as chief execut of industri compani earn on averag $ 133,000 a year . 
 in his fiction hemingway face the truth , as he would n't in his life. in a stori he number among his favorit , `` in anoth countri , '' the protagonist , a patient in a milan hospit after be wound in world war i , modest know that his medal were award onli `` becaus i was an american '' serv with italian forc . 
 mr. ribicoff , a former u.s. senat from connecticut , declin comment other than to say , `` it speak for itself. '' he ad that he want to leav the warner board after three year , which is how long he has serv . 
 mr. gate was name act director after former director william casey resigned. he had serv as deputi director sinc last year , and befor that he serv more than four year as deputi director for intellig . 
 they argu that in mid-1984 , the cia in fact turn the contra war over to col. north and the nation secur council. unabl to use full-tim cia profession , this theori goe , col. north turn to a network of former and part-tim cia and pentagon employe , such as thoma cline , a former cia offic who serv in miami in the 1960s . 
 in cleveland , a number of former engin execut have becom taxi driver . and some of monsignor mccarthi 's parishion in palo verd are drive truck , serv as floorwalk in depart store , or tend gasolin pump . 
 unarm pilgrim would be welcom at the holi place ; unarm infidel might trade in the christian ports. as a part present saladin ad that not more than four latin priest might serv in the holi sepulchr . 
 these student repres about one-tenth of the midshipmen then in the navi . each was requir to have serv three year at sea . 
 at albani , he overtook chauncey who was return to sacket harbor from new york . although both men had serv in the mediterranean squadron year befor , they now met for the first time . 
 just as mani juror have come to suspect , this duti realli is becom more of a bureaucrat nightmare. those who actual serv on juri often walk away with renew confid in the system and say their experi was remark reward . 
 `` everybodi appreci a good joke , '' he point out , `` but onli anoth attorney appreci a well-draft debentur agreement. '' bill king , the comedian who serv as emce for the contest , say mani of the entrant are better perform than some of the amateur comic who test their skill at `` open-mik '' night . 
 he would recognis the present frontier of the christian , and in addit cede to them the harbour of beirut on condit they did not fortifi it. the holi place would be open to latin pilgrim , and latin priest might serv in them . 
 he burst into a room where they were all assembl , but no one knew who he was . onli his bride , who was serv as cook to her sister , recogn him at onc . 
 the seventeen year that follow his commiss as brevet second lieuten of engin were such as might have been spent by ani young offic of that servic who combin a fine presenc with social grace , exemplari conduct , energi , and abil . after seventeen month of work on fort pulaski , cockspur island , ga . , he serv as assist engin at fort monro , va . , from may 1831 to novemb 1834 . 
 in an import sens , ronald reagan is profound fortun in attract as distinguish an american as howard baker as chief of staff. with drew lewi and paul laxalt turn down the job , the administr was abl to come up with an appointe who has high plausibl qualif to serv in the presid itself . 
 it had on board captain robert gorg , son of sir ferdinando , who had brought along a shipload of immigr , a patent to a larg tract of land just to the north , and a commiss from the council for new england `` to be general governor of ye cuntrie. `` bradford was to be depriv of offic , though he was to serv temporarili as an assist . 
 i was challeng by the campaign , but i did n't have the enthusiasm '' for anoth term , he says. someth is wrong with the `` world 's greatest delib bodi '' when a senior committe chairman declar that he enjoy campaign but not actual serv in offic . 
 onli onc in a while did someth get into the paper when the person involv was promin . an editor got indign when a man by the name of jone casual murder a famous chickasaw warrior and councilor , emubbi , who had serv with general jackson in mani campaign . 
 mr. kennedi , a 31-year veteran of union carbid , was elect presid and chief execut in april 1986. he had previous serv as a corpor senior vice presid and as execut vice presid and group presid for chemic and plastic . 
 dog were use in all theater of oper , from north africa to germani and from the solomon island to japan . altogeth , more than 250,000 dog serv with the armi of the alli and axi power . 
 in 1879 he was made the first director of the smithsonian 's bureau of ethnolog , which he found . he had alreadi help to found the unit state geolog survey , under the depart of the interior , and serv as it second director . 
 as previous report , iran has threaten to flood the world market with cheap oil if it is n't a parti to a final agreement. despit assert by industri specialist that the iranian field are n't capabl of produc oil in such quantiti , the iranian declar made at the opec council tabl offend even arturo hernandez grisanti of venezuela , a moder minist who is serv as a mediat between the wide diverg iranian and arab faction . 
 `` he resigned. the whole staff of the survey depart then follow suit , refus to serv under a deputi who had success intrigu in london to oust light and to succeed him . 
 throughout his career as a revolutionari patriot he emphas `` right as deriv from the law of natur , '' not a king ; and here , as elsewher , he strove for the `` revind of saxon liberti '' ( chinard , commonplac book , p57 ) . elect by the virginia convent to serv in congress in case peyton randolph should be requir at home , jefferson sat in that bodi dure the summer and autumn of 1775 . 
 stupid me ! after three issu , i was ask to serv on the board of the msb becaus of an editori on `` diplomaci `` . sinc the organ blind chose to neither endors nor oppos my elect , i serv as an independ . 
 the follow explan to his father-in-law is the main sourc of our knowledg of hamilton 's singl person differ with washington . he had serv at headquart four year , much of that time `` as the princip and most confidenti aid of the command in chief . `` 
 add barbara hackman franklin , a corpor director who head the govern and busi program at the wharton school of the univers of pennsylvania in philadelphia : `` it sound like an awkward situat at best. '' ms. malon , who is black and serv on the board of sever other big compani , defend her decis . 
 yutaro hayashi , 51 year old , was name presid and chief execut offic of mitsui manufactur bank , effect immediately. he succeed the retir 65-year-old leonard weil , who will serv as presid emeritus . 
 mr. demuth is a young , wide respect lawyer and free-market economist. earli in the reagan administr he serv as the omb associ director in charg of put some brake on feder regul . 
 the govern had to rent slave from their owner and use them as armi laborers. at the same time it exempt one white man for everi plantat of fifteen slave or more to serv as overs . 
 the center , which is to hous sever art galleri and two theater , as well as studio and offic , will be known as the wexner center for the visual arts. mr. wexner , who was graduat from ohio state in 1959 , serv as chairman of the ohio state univers foundat , which rais money for the univers . 
 the panel also name paul barbadoro , an attorney in the concord , n.h. , law firm of orr & reno , as deputi counsel. mr. liman , 54 year old , has relat brief experi as a prosecutor , have serv from 1961 to 1963 as an assist u.s. attorney for the southern district of new york . 
 mr. tack , who has been a director sinc 1969 , work his way through the compani most in the electron system group , where he was senior vice presid in charg of that group from 1977 to 1983 , when he was elect presid and chief oper officer. mr. dixon will continu as chairman emeritus , a director , and will serv as a consult to the compani . 
 aunt edme had gone to franc sever year earlier with the beauharnai family. she had met them in martiniqu when the marqui de beauharnai went there to serv as governor and lieutenant-gener of the windward isl . 
 moleculon , which make a product that allow drug to be absorb through patch affix to the skin , said the $ 28 million purchas is expect to be complet in novemb , provid sharehold author an increas in common share and the issuanc of the prefer stock. fauld is to name two repres to serv on moleculon 's board , which will be expand to six member . 
 with acquisit of the system program div . of digitek , ryan-mcfarland got all contract , warranti and mainten right for exist custom . ryan form digitek in 1961 with jim dunlap , who serv as it presid for eight year . 
 now i wonder which of them it was we was talk to ? `` back at the boardinghous that night at supper , i found out from my landladi that the lawyer we 'd met was mr. lincoln , his partner be out of town , serv in the congress in washington . 
 he did not mind be poor , he said , for peopl with small incom were as happi as those with fortun . for eight year , from mar. 17 , 1892 , he serv on the circuit court . 
 it had near prove fatal to me also . and falconbridg was serv on the better class of english slaver . 
 next monday , the suprem court of ontario will hear mr. pezim 's request to have five corona director remov and replac with his nomine or with court-appointees. mr. pezim , who help found the compani , vow to press his feud against manag , say the board broke an agreement under which he was to have continu to serv in an `` execut posit . '' 
 he will report direct to a.w. clausen , bankamerica 's chairman and chief executive. he also will serv on the compani 's manag and money and loan committe . 
 this group eventu took over the manag of the school organ by the quaker women , the first quaker school becom new york citi 's p.s. one . elsewher quaker help to press for the establish of public school and sometim serv on school board . 
 mr. carmichael , 41 year old , succeed richard l. phillip , 60 , who is retiring. mr. phillip was appoint chairman emeritus of shelbi and will serv as a consult to the compani . 
 philip , base in dayton , ohio , manufactur compon for the mobile-hom industri , and it revenu of $ 186,700,000 in it latest fiscal year were about as much as i. b. m. take in everi eight day . whi did learson , who also serv on the board of such giant as standard oil ( n.j. ) , becom a director of a relat small compani ? 
 he work with mr. boeski as a trader at edward & han in the earli 1970s , befor join a predecessor of seemala in 1975. he becam a senior vice presid in charg of trade for sever boeski entiti and serv on seemala 's execut committe . 
 `` he jab a blunt forefing at curt 's chest . `` but you ai n't even serv in the armi ai n't had even that much train in take care of yourself . 
 even though the subsequ convict of mr. italiano allow mr. merkl to claim anoth victori , the attack on mr. merkl by an incumb governor could be a serious threat. the prosecutor 's four-year term ran out a year ago , so he is serv at the pleasur of presid reagan . 
 mr. carter , like mr. reagan , believ prior notif to congress risk revel that would have jeopard the live of those involv in these operations. after serv two year on the hous intellig committe , i can understand the presid 's concern about leak . 
 `` did your vessel leav the coast in the day or the night ? `` the question was put by a member of the committe to dr thoma trotter , who had serv as surgeon on board the liverpool slaver brook 9 between cape palma and anamabu in the year 1783 and 1784 . 
 as a young man he live in a home for tramp in vienna , do odd job and paint poor pictur . in the first world war he serv in the german armi , and rose to the rank of corpor . 
 `` some mother blame the press and the govern for their son ' anxieti . `` what the hell 's the matter with america ? `` angrili exclaim mrs. georg mauro of brooklyn , whose son , robert , had serv in calley 's platoon . `` 
 in 1841 , pennsylvania hospit open an institut for the care of the insan in west philadelphia with dr. thoma kirkbrid , a quaker , as it first superintend . dr. kirkbrid had serv as a resid physician at friend hospit in frankford , and was eager to tri the experi of use `` moral suasion `` rather than mechan restraint at the new pennsylvania institut . 
 these victori were relat small and local , but they prove inspiring. men enlist , proud to serv under a brilliant general in the caus of freedom . 
 he had also becom interest in polit and join the republican parti . in the fall of 1881 , he was elect to the new york state legislatur , where he serv three term . 
 mauric dolbier grew up in skowhegan , main , and attend the whitehous academi of dramat art in boston , massachusett , befor embark on a career as an actor . he later turn to radio broadcast in bangor , main , where he serv as writer , produc , and program director . 
 with the stock now at about $ 64.50 , his paper profit is about $ 2.1 million. he also serv as a viratek director , receiv $ 25,000 a year as a consult and get royalti for sale of the mist devic . 
 alic heard of the servic and the committe and their plans. she knew they were consid send an american nurs oversea to serv with the british armi ; that nurs would be call the edith cavel memori nurs . 
 as secretari of state , clay was thorough loyal throughout to the administr . he serv the full term and perhap never spent a more miser and uninterest four year in all his life . 
 she was suppos to have eight huge , fifteen-inch gun , but when she arriv in casablanca from lorient she onli had four . they were all in a singl turret on the foredeck and it was in that turret that my father serv . 
 the success of erhard 's gambl earn him the posit of secretari of econom in west germani 's first government. there he serv under konrad adenau , who himself was an amateur in econom but an astut politician . 
 some of these group , meanwhil , also are move well beyond simpli contributing. the home builder , for exampl , are attempt to increas the number of it member who serv as deleg to the 1984 presidenti convent to about 150 deleg from the rough 80 elect four year ago . 
 kaisertech did n't name successor for mr. maier in his post at the parent. the compani said mr. maier will remain a director and member of the execut committe of kaisertech and kaiser aluminum , and will serv as a consult to both compani through 1992 . 
 tracor was pick from a list of about 137 compani , mr. inman said. he had serv on tracor 's board until june , when he found the compani to be one of 24 on his final list of potenti acquisit , he said . 
 a round robin , sign by 63 moscow and leningrad writer , urg the parti to obtain the releas of the writer . a member of the moscow univers faculti who serv as a defens wit at the trial is dismiss , and 18 of his colleagu protest . 
 two of the passeng on this trip were the brother john and charl wesley , founder of the methodist church. the truste ask john to serv as chaplain to the new coloni , and charl function as oglethorp 's secretari for a time . 
 `` it was me who was chase them . `` an aggress player who had made a studi of his craft , he was insert by muzz patrick into the ranger front offic where he serv as assist general manag . 
 but while the contra ca n't defeat the sandinista militarili , their eventu disappear might nevertheless jar the region balanc of power. `` my guess is the sandinista would not return to their old way immedi , '' comment a rank u.s. diplomat serv in central america . 
 now royal troop were take over. but the more he heard of forb the more he wish to serv under him . 
 howev , the dollar show some resili in earli trade today in tokyo , where the u.s. currenc was quot at 143.18 yen. it had been wide expect among market particip that mr. volcker would serv a third four-year term as fed chief . 
 as i recollect garibaldi 's terribl difficult not to say complic lineag , his english mother had present him to his italian father in the countri of franc . howev this trilog may be , he had serv at various time in the italian , french and english armi . 
 he gaze at crowd row of wound troop sprawl around the insid wall : a hellhol of bawl , bleed , rattl , writh , gangren , groan feder and confeder . negro , serv as stretcher-bear and sawbon ' assist , scamper to and fro . 
 often the captain is a natur leader . he receiv a bonus for serv in this capac , which give him a major privileg over the other player . 
 he base his hope on statist he cite suggest that the administr has done well so far in keep presidenti appointe on the job. mr. tuttl 's offic say cabinet secretari in the reagan administr have serv an averag of 41 month , longer than the averag in the carter administr or the combin nixon-ford and kennedy-johnson administr . 
 i call it a gift from heaven. when the unit state enter world war i in april 1917 , i was determin to serv as an aviat . 
 butch work extens on a conserv project and devot over 40 hour to communiti servic . he also serv as patrol leader for six month and attain the rank of life scout . 
 they are ponder whether to approach the challeng and headach of a separ , sovereign micronesia or to seek assimil within the boundari of their power but often distract guardian america . soon , the island will choos one of these cours , therebi final determin the shape of their futur . ( p. f. kluge serv two year with the peac corp in micronesia . 
 `` as an undergradu dr. mcintyr had been an enthusiast member of the dartmouth outing club . while serv as an armi surgeon in korea he had learn to fli helicopt . 
 one viewer fire off a telegram say : `` wallac is pimp for the protest . `` a new york time survey of some gi 's serv in the quang ngai area near my lai 4 found wholesal resist to the idea that charli compani had massacr some civilian . 
 `` i have noth but the utmost respect for mauric segal , and i ll continu to take his money at poker , '' mr. sherman said. until a successor is name , mr. segal will serv as act chairman of the divis . 
 mr. proxmir would presid over confirm hear for mr. henkel if he is renomin by presid reagan. becaus he was appoint while the senat was n't in session , mr. henkel serv without confirm . 
 mr. pearson , at a news confer befor the annual meet , predict mellon `` will be in the black '' again by year 's end. the 75-year-old execut , who serv as financi advis to billionair paul mellon and has been a director of the bank sinc 1972 , also stress he will serv as chairman onli until a successor to mr. barn is name . 
 the recommend on electro-biolog 's devic , made by a panel of orthoped specialist appoint by the fda , was base on a review of follow-up clinic data on patient treat by the devic befor 1979. `` the panel review data and conclud the effect of the devic can not be establish , '' said nirmal k. mishra , an fda offici , who serv as secretari to the advisori panel . 
 and the thing that drive you absolut crazi is that he 's still got some sort of a reput that date back to the peopl he was associ with befor the depress . `` in his earli year gordon had serv on the staff of some of the most promin psychoanalyst in the countri , but had never blaze ani rail himself . 
 in nation over-the-count trade yesterday , barri close at $ 7.75 a share , up $ 1. burt sugarman , chairman and chief execut offic of barri and giant , said guber-pet principl jon peter and peter guber will both serv in the new posit of manag director of barri , and have the option to becom barri co-presid . 
 becaus monnet is by natur so outgo and friend , he is a welcom figur in mani capit citi ; and becaus he has never been connect with ani particular polit parti , or sought person power , he has no competitor and few enemi . in the first world war , monnet was alreadi work to promot anglo-french cooper with the unit state , and for a time he serv as deputi secretari to the leagu of nation . 
 everi time he travel from pretoria to johannesburg on the ben schoeman highway , he was remind about what was expect of him. natur , it was expect that he eager serv his obligatori stint in the armi . 
 the letter cite the suit that guin brought against him and ernest saunder , guin 's former chairman , in late march to recov the payment. `` it would be inconsist for me to continu to serv on the board pend final resolut of the disput , '' the letter said . 
 mr. vineyard is await sentenc on a jan. 30 feder court convict for conspiraci to commit mail and wire fraud and for falsifi document in order to receiv loan from key , the bank board said. mr. vineyard serv as chairman of the thrift and resign juli 1 after he was indict by a feder grand juri , accord to the bank board . 
 arthur had to fish out his passport for the guard at each border , and the inform on the passport was a bit of a fake. had his true age and status been record , he could have been forc to serv in the russian armi . 
 e. r. braithwait was born in georgetown , british guiana. he took a b. sc. in physic at new york univers in 1942 befor go to england to serv in the royal air forc from 1943 to 1946 . 
 the word spread like wildfir through the ship ; men who had careless dice away their pay an hour ago becam tightfist , debt were collect , and the liberti parti sought good thought to be in demand in china . these men were sophist ; they had serv as slaver in africa , touch everi port in the west indi and central america . 
 knit and hosieri guild were form which brought the standard of knit to great perfect . men serv an apprenticeship of six year , three to learn , three to travel and studi other method and design . 
 after their freshman year , yale undergradu divid up into twelv residenti colleg . the facil avail at each of the colleg were inventori a while back by novelist john hersey , who serv as master of one of them , pierson colleg , for five year . 
 `` she 's so slim , '' sigh a woman who isn't. for the benefit of those peopl who have never seen `` wheel of fortun '' becaus it run opposit `` the macneil/lehr newshour '' in some citi , for the past 4 1/2 year ms. white , 30 , has serv as `` wheel 's '' hostess/human mannequin/ '' letter turner '' and has made her sole vocal contribut , `` bye-by , '' someth of a byword . 
 tom was wrong in one thing : bismarck was n't an ass , whatev els he might be . in some way he was like that outstand idiot cardigan , under whom i had serv in the 11th hussar , but onli on the surfac . 
 in peac or war , everi able-bodi man had to wear his nation uniform . after serv a certain number of year , the men were discharg into a reserv . 
 niagara mohawk power corp. said john g. haehl jr. has agre to serv an addit year as chairman and chief execut offic . 
 he succeed august l. streater , 65 , who plan to retir dec. 31. mr. streater will continu to serv on franklin 's board . 
 biograph note are given onli for the more import of those not number in the pilgrim compani ( appendix a ) . ( post of deputi governor was creat in 1680 . ) ( there was onli one assist governor , 1621-23 ; number increas to five in 1624 , to seven in 1633 . with except of allerton , name of those who serv befor 1633 are unknown , but there is ground for reason conjectur ( ) indic probabl year of servic befor 1633 . 
 `` to make someth out of it , and to do a good deed. '' mr. cline 's role in nsc staff oper appear to have come larg through maj. gen. secord , and he serv as a lieuten of sort to the retir air forc offic . 
 `` a prolong period of uncertainti would be harm to the cia , the intellig communiti and potenti our nation secur , '' he wrote. in his written repli to mr. gate , the presid describ the 20-year cia analyst as `` a remark talent and dedic man '' and ask that he continu to serv as deputi director of the agenc . 
 director and offic control about 10.5 % of cbi 's common share outstanding. the director serv stagger term and , a spokesman said , cbi has a poison pill provis design to deter takeov . 
 when we return to school this fall , there was a new face in the princip 's offic , mr. gari coker . befor this year he had serv on this staff as a mobil instructor . 
 claudin b. malon face an unusu dilemma when she learn in mid-februari that dart group corp. was consid a bid for supermarket general corp. for eight year , the 50-year-old teacher and manag consult from mclean , va. , had serv as an outsid director on the board of both compani . 
 mr. wyman himself was critic by mr. tisch for fail to move quick enough to cut cost and streamlin cbs in the face of weaken nation advertis spending. cbs also settl with peter derow , who serv as presid of it publish group through octob 1986 , the proxi reveal . 
 but he becam a soldier under the name of georg slant , a trooper in the cavalri . and he had serv for more than a dozen year , in wyom , in montana , and final in new mexico . 
 onli 5 % of the asset are held in cash reserves. he will serv the remain three year of the 14-year term of emmett rice , who was nomin by presid carter . 
 but for some , the low pay caus a real hardship. a free-lanc word processor figur the two-week jury-duti stint would cost her $ 1,200 ; she , too , never got to serv . 
 both of us were member of our naval academi class of 1939 ; both of us finish submarin train and report to our first submarin in 1941 . both of us serv on board submarin throughout world war ii , begin in subordin capac and final conclud the war in command of our own boat . 
 on the one hand , we rever the offic and want to honor it holder. on the other hand , we also want to remind him he 's just anoth citizen serv at our pleasur . 
 gold field said 28 % of it share are held by miner & resourc corp. , or minarco , which is partial own by the two south african mine companies. two minarco offici serv as non-execut director on gold field ' board , but gold field insist it is independ . 
 on the way to our interview with learson , now chairman and chief execut offic , and frank t. cari , the new presid , we had consid some of the specul that we had heard and read about the manag changes. one rumor that is frequent heard is that learson now 59 and thus six year from retir would not serv that long but instead give way to cari , perhap in combin with georg beitzel or gilbert jone . 
 news corp. offici could n't be reach for comment late yesterday , nor could mr. thoma , who was said by the compani to be leav to `` pursu other interests. '' he will serv as a consult to harper & row , which temporarili will be led by the two top execut of a british book publish in which news corp. hold a major stake . 
 this must be the hottest day we ve had . `` hyde , a dour , thin man who had serv in the navi a long time , gave him a queer look . `` 
 some of them were sore tempt to come out strong for a european secur confer , in order to sound as `` forthcom `` as possibl in the ear of their own peace-mind elector . old socialist pietro nenni , who was serv briefli as foreign minist in a precari italian coalit , was one of these . 
 year of neglect and indiscrimin alter had made the constitut slow and logi , a `` wet `` sailer that ship water in everi breez . hull might have been will to accept such condit had he not serv as lieuten in the frigat when she was fresh from the way . 
 langston found that the intern brigad was integr . negro and white serv in mix compani , with negro offic have white soldier under their command , too . 
 separ , the compani said thoma r. wheelock , 40 year old , resign as chief oper officer. mr. wheelock , who also serv as execut vice presid , was name to the posit as chief oper offic on may 5 . 
 penn central also said that herbert winokur jr. resign as senior execut vice presid and a director , and that edward f. kosnik resign as execut vice presid , chief financi offic and director. mr. winokur and mr. kosnik will serv as consult to penn central . 
 mr. reagan also name frank donatelli , a longtim reagan polit support and partner at the washington law firm of patton , bogg & blow , as white hous polit director. the 37-year-old mr. donatelli , who serv as presid reagan 's public-liaison chief from 1984 to 1985 , succeed mitchel daniel . 
 recogn these posit reaction , hospit superintend ask for more co units. when there were not enough conscienti objector to fill the need , young wive and sweetheart were recruit to serv in women 's unit . 
 elect offici play the matter stonefaced. they certifi the ballot count and declar the beast elect , then said that unfortun the success candid could not serv under the law all public offici must be qualifi voter who can read and write . 
 that the negro-american is come on as a potent polit forc is reveal by the chang that have occur sinc moon made that statement . justic thurgood marshal is a member of the suprem court , have serv as solicitor general , the third-rank post in the depart of justic . 
 the writer serv as chief of rail cost and price polici at the icc dure 1980-81 and testifi on behalf of the justic depart in the sf-sp proceed . 
 onc you let world polit dictat the polici of the olymp , where doe it end ? if the ioc has the right to dictat to south africa on a matter of intern affair , can it tell russia that it athlet must not serv in the russian armi ? 
 it was this man who came to the throne on the death of horemhab , drop the definit articl p at the begin of his name and reign as ramess i. although he was the first king of the nineteenth dynasti ( 1304-1195 b. c. ) he was alreadi old when he came to the throne and reign for about twenti month . the real founder of this glorious dynasti , the restor of egypt 's great , was sethi i , his son , who had also serv under horemhab . 
 later , she return to the compani as controller. a certifi public account and a harvard-educ mba , ms. malon serv most on the audit and financ committe of the board she has joined. last year she serv on nine board , includ limit inc. , campbel soup co. , scott paper co. and houghton mifflin co. accord to 1986 proxi statement file with the secur and exchang commiss , ms. malon receiv more than $ 93,000 in annual retain for serv on the board , plus addit fee of as much as $ 1,000 each time she attend a meet . 
 eventu , he was sent to the counti jail in albuquerqu , n. m. for two week he was lock in with 18 men , and fought with them for sever day to avoid be gang-rap . `` i hate to see the younger boy those 15 or 16 walk in here , `` said herschel thoma , who serv as superintend of the indiana reformatori in 1968 and 1969 . 
 but he would warn , `` it take adjust to life , and matur , to make a great musician . `` he gave similar advic when he serv as a judg each year for the `` audit for music talent in our school `` sponsor by radio station wqxr and the new york time . 
 oh , we never did anyth especi festiv trip to the zoo , a tour of constitut hall , thing like that but i could rememb how delight i felt to be out with the two of them , and how happi they 'd seem in each other 's compani , and in mine. too , i could rememb the terrifi rebellion i 'd glimps for a moment in my mother 's face the day my father was call to serv in the korean war . 
 separ , h. barclay morley , former chairman and chief execut offic of stauffer chemic co. , was name a director of schering-plough , increas board membership to 17. mr. morley previous serv on the board from 1979 to 1985 . 
 wendi gramm , the head of regulatori affair at the offic of manag and budget , is an abl economist and familiar with transport issues. john snow , the presid of csx , a lead freight compani , has serv as an assist secretari of transport and recogn that more deregul will benefit consum and shipper alik . 
 in addit to the peopl on the titan and carpathia , certain other contribut valuabl help in prepar this book . captain charl victor grove has aid me great in piec togeth the stori of the californian , on which he serv as third offic . 
 more import , they crack the rule allianc . pierr elliott trudeau serv as an unpaid legal advis for the miner ' union . 
 the select committe are expect to begin a new round of public hear next month , and the hous panel is schedul to hold an organiz meet this morning. among the lead candid to be the panel 's special counsel is john nield , a washington attorney who serv as chief counsel to the hous committe on standard and offici conduct dure the `` koreag '' influence-peddl inquiri of the late 1970s . 
 pleas telegraph acknowledg . alic had a strong feel of loyalti to the british nurs servic , in which she had serv . 
 hire mr. inman was seen as a coup for westmark , which was expect to benefit from the high profil and govern contact that mr. inman brought to microelectron & comput technology. mr. inman previous serv as a director of the nation secur agenc and deputi director of the central intellig agenc . 
 the present govern call for negoti for region autonomi while continu to pursu a militari solut , and maj. dawit was activ in enforc that policy. for mani year he serv in the second divis in eritrea . 
 other offic includ : gertrud gibbin , first vice-presid ; jame daniel , second vice-presid ; arrietta hudson , record secretari ; joe arnold , correspond secretari ; larri batson , treasur ; with ida bell edward and evelyn lee as board members. bill gibbin was appoint marshal and arrietta hudson will serv as chaplain . 
 as a result of all these thread hold it to europ , the afsc establish small intern center in pari , berlin , vienna , geneva , warsaw , and moscow. a director , often a man and his wife , was appoint by either the british or american friend to serv as a host to the center . 
 who will reimburs my compani for the econom jail it 's been in for 2 1/2 year ? '' when ask by the associ press if he would ever consid serv in govern again , mr. donovan repli : `` i will not . '' 
 but hundr of thousand of other were at risk. i serv as a staff offic in vietnam in 1966-67 with mani other non-combat troop . 
 `` he like to tilt against the establish , '' said a dalla lawyer , although mr. susman 's background hard set him apart from the legal bluebloods. mr. susman , a nativ texan and a yale graduat who edit the univers of texa law review , later serv as a suprem court clerk and was a partner in houston 's prestigi fulbright & jaworski law firm . 
 i wish to prepar myself by octob for examin as a counsellor ; but some public avoc may possibl prevent me. i had almost forgotten to tell you that i have been pretti unanim elect , by the legislatur of this state , a member of congress , to begin to serv in novemb . 
 this he could follow in the original. he like lenoir , and was pleas that he , too , had been pick to serv on the subcommitte . 
 but the compani said it would undertak an immedi nationwid search and has decid that mr. taylor 's replac `` will come from outsid the company. '' meanwhil , frank n. davi , presid of energi nation inc. , a up & l subsidiari , was name act presid and chief execut and will serv on the board until a replac is name , utah power said . 
 but in recent month , acquaint say , mr. tisch had grown to enjoy his role as a media execut , and in public statement , mr. tisch made it increas clear that if director offer him the job full time , he would take it. `` although i had been ask and had intend to serv as chief execut offic of cbs onli for a brief transit period , i have becom increas impress over the last four month with the strength and potenti of this great compani and it peopl , '' mr. tisch said in a statement . 
 in septemb combat oper in quang ngai were hand over to a newli form unit known as the amer divis , which was compos of three brigad the 196th , which had serv as part of task forc oregon , and two new fight unit , the 11th brigad from schofield barrack , hawaii , and the 198th brigad from fort hood , texas. mani of the senior offic of the new divis came from fort hood expressli to serv in the new headquart , under the command of major general samuel w. koster. a west pointer , koster had the rare opportun to put togeth his own command staff , and select a number of his classmat and friend to serv with him . 
 i shall find the place where peopl go after death veri dreari . it is like hell for a father to be separ from his children and i have serv my apprenticeship ever sinc my daughter marri . 
 charl duke of st. alban possess no great abil . he certain inherit his father 's and his mother 's courag , for he serv in the emperor 's armi at the sieg of belgrad and acquit himself valiant when the austrian wrest it from the turk dure 1688 . 
 `` kay hall knew presid kennedi well . she had serv on his inaugur committe and had conceiv the idea of invit the two hundr emin award winner in the field of art , scienc , and the human as special guest to his inaugur . 
 g. e. paid for two suit in washington 's waterg hotel , and day soon pull togeth an inform consult committe of sever dozen labor-rel manag from larg corpor , with whom he would confer general over the long-dist phone on pend matter of major significance. day also recruit roger m. blough , the former chief execut offic of u.s. steel corp. , to serv as an advis . 
 i saw it as the climax of a long odyssey , which had start with night school and had taken me through two institut of higher learn and anoth stint in the marines. i had reenlist to vindic my record , to prove that i could endur boot camp and serv honor if i put my will to it . 
 it was the end of an era . de gaull was succeed as presid by georg pompidou , a gaullist who had serv under him , but evid differ from his polici on some import issu . 
 howev , the king 's subject did not ralli to his cause. mani of his offic , sympath with the american , did not wish to serv against them . 
 mr. gillett 's rise to promin in the broadcast industri follow an eclect career. he has work for crown zellerbach corp. as a salesman , form a comput softwar compani , act as a manag consult for mckinsey & co. , serv as busi manag and part owner of the miami dolphin , and own and ran the harlem globetrott with two partner for about a decad . 
 as deepli commit as col. north was to the insurg ' caus , he and his associ increas took it upon themselv to run the war , as had the cia befor them. `` the heavi hand of the gringo is need , '' wrote robert owen , who serv as a courier between the white hous and the contra leadership . 
 it was onli becaus he had felt himself abl to run away at ani minut that he had not want to do so ; now , howev , that he had becom familiar with life in ashpit place he no longer mind it , and could live glad in lower part of london than that so long as he could pay his way . it was from no prudenc or forethought that he had serv this apprenticeship to life among the poor . 
 perot , too , has sinc been knock out of the billionair rank ( his hold are current worth just $ 666,000,000 ) but not out of the news . he serv as chairman of unit we stand , a lobbi that support presid nixon 's earli polici in vietnam . 
 director are set up more committe , meet more often , and feel freer to put tough question to management. profession director , usual retir execut who serv on sever board , are like to becom more common . 
 delawar , the state in which gm is incorpor , amend it law last year allow such a chang in a compani 's certif of incorpor , and mani corpor have alreadi taken such action. the proxi note the increas unwilling of director to serv on board without greater protect , and said the premium for gm 's director insur have `` increas substanti . '' 
 the group oppos current manag , he said , becaus pay-fon 's result have been `` inadequ in term of the revenu flat that has persist at the company. '' respond to the kahn group 's proxi materi , pay-fon issu a sharehold letter say that `` the kahn slate has neither the experi nor the qualif necessari '' to serv as director . 
 `` i think i did the right thing , '' he says. robert cullen had littl choic about retir when he return to the u.s. last spring after serv in south korea for two year as a vice presid of a general food corp. affili . 
 mr. shoemak , a sale manag in southborough , mass. , serv in vietnam in 1970 . 
 his public appear was postpon last week after he claim a hazi memori or lack of knowledg of mani financi detail , accord to person familiar with the privat sessions. although he serv as interpret between american and iranian in the iran-contra affair , mr. hakim told investig that he had difficulti understand their question , the sourc say . 
 term were n't disclosed. lawrenc chimerin , chairman of chase econometr , will serv as chairman and chief execut offic . 
 i now offer my servic for ani expans of the chore recent laid upon me , anyth in which i might help him out in his own work , even . dean shafto was for the time be serv as act presid . 
 neither mr. wohlstett nor mr. lemast was avail for addit comment , and a compani spokesman declin to elaborate. mr. weber , 50 , had serv as interim chief execut immedi after mr. napier 's resign . 
 treasuri secretari jame baker , who former held the post , and former transport secretari drew lewi , current chairman of union pacif corp. , have been mention as possibl candidates. mr. baker is said to be reluct and mr. lewi has told the white hous he has no interest in serv on a full-tim or long-term basi -- a situat two sourc say the white hous has accept . 
 as the next best expedi , hamilton propos a chief execut chosen practic for life , hold the balanc between the excit bodi of the peopl on the one hand , and the minor of citizen of properti and posit on the other. the democrat lower hous was to be elect direct by the peopl for a short term ; the senat , name by elector chosen by the peopl , should serv for life . 
 as expect , richard p. rifenburgh resign as gca 's chairman. pend the select of a new chairman , anthoni j. gumbin , hallwood chairman ; brian m. troup , hallwood presid , and jame g. cairn , presid of hallwood 's financi institut group , will serv joint in the offic of gca chairman , the compani said . 
 the exchang 's govern board includ 12 repres from the public , 12 from the secur industri and the chairman. board member serv three-year term and are limit to two consecut term . 
 mei also said holder approv an amend that limit director ' liabil for certain actions. a spokesman said mei sought the chang to help it `` retain and attract qualiti individu to serv on the board . '' 
 symbol inc. said it dismiss john w. gridley jr. as vice presid , financ , treasur and chief financi offic , becaus of `` differ in manag style. '' the maker of comput use for artificial-intellig softwar program said thoma f. farb , a former treasur and offic who has recent been a manag consult , will serv as act treasur and chief financi offic while symbol search for a successor to mr. gridley , who could n't be reach for comment . 
 sure in an organ of near 400 member , we have more who are capabl of hold offic . i have serv activ on the msb committe begin as chairman of the open meet last august . 
 best known as the indefatig , 73-year-old chief of w.r. grace & co. and as presid reagan 's point man on cut wast in govern , mr. grace has also becom indispens to prelat and popes. `` the church feel veri proud of peter grace , '' say the most rev. theodor e. mccarrick , a new jersey bishop serv on the board of the knight of malta . 
 but , he add , it also is more bombard by sophist lobbi techniqu , more confound by such press fiscal problem as the feder budget deficit and more obsess with polit fund-rais -- awash in campaign cash. mr. owen serv a singl , two-year term at the end of the nixon administr . 
 everyth was faith copi from england ; there was noth australian about it all except a few name like yarra and toorak and veranda , the onli major concess made by british settler to a sunnier clime . not that veranda were nativ to australia ani more than sheep ; probabl they were introduc by the militari architect john watt , who had serv in the west indi and was appoint to sydney in 1813 . 
 it doe not evalu the system , nor doe it consid import new trend . out of professor mace 's wide experi and extens research ( he himself has serv on a number of board of director ) , one would have had reason to hope for signific contribut to both of these area . 
 mr. hyde ( r , ill. ) serv on the hous foreign affair committe , and is the rank minor member on the hous intellig committe . 
 he made an econom studi of sort , conclud that augusta , georgia , could support a second radio station , and drove into town one day in 1940 with a coupl of thousand dollar in save . an offic of the augusta chamber of commerc put him in touch with some backer , and soon station wgac was on the air , with fuqua serv as manag and hold a small minor of the stock . 
 no decis involv life and death could ever come the way of the depart of extern affair . the conscienc of the men who serv in it were not strain as were those of the stake were hundr of million of live and perhap the world itself . 
 he was schedul to decid whether to retir or to continu at lower rank , for reason unrel to investig into his role in the arm shipment to iran and the divers of fund to nicaraguan rebels. adm. poindext was temporarili promot to three-star status while he serv in the white hous job . 
 today , mission station , as well as clinic and school , oper throughout the 350 islands. though most of the doctor who serv abroad necessarili make their plan far ahead , mani stand readi to go on the shortest notic when some crisi make quick action imper . 
 nevertheless he accept his destini , was inaugur on februari 18 , 1861 , for the six-year term provid by the provision constitut , and was wreath with flower by montgomeri women , while the press report , `` ... ten thousand heart beat high with joy , admir and hope. `` he would serv a littl more than four year . 
 the chanc are that the man who becom an fbi agent will stay on to make a career . among the bureau 's 6,000 agent , a total of near 80 per cent have been with the fbi for ten year or more and over 30 per cent have serv for more than twenti year . 
 technolog stock had a rough ride. trader said they saw some sell in these stock earli in the session , especi when the market tumbl quick upon news that mr. volcker declin to serv a third term as fed chairman . 
 they identifi themselv with the poor , and thus open eye to new hope. they build a communiti sawmil in alaska , serv as teacher , cook and driver on indian reserv . 
 a minut urg member to give up their slave was pass and a committe appoint to visit the slavehold individu and to persuad them to surrend their human properti . for two year john woolman serv on that committe , use a warm and gentl persuas that few could final resist . 
 in 1964 i campaign on behalf of presid lyndon b. johnson in three state , and in 1968 i not onli work vigor for vice-presid hubert h. humphrey in a frantic airplan caravan but also wrote his offici campaign biographi . in 1967 i serv as secretari to the pennsylvania constitut convent and help engin a revis which would bring pennsylvania into the forefront of state insofar as a modern , construct constitut was concern . 
 the other children were : edward baker ( mar. 10 , 1846-feb . 1 , 1850 ) , william wallac ( dec. 21 , 1850-feb . 20 , 1862 ) , and thoma or `` tad `` ( apr. 4 , 1853-juli 15 , 1871 ) . in the year 1847-49 lincoln serv one term in congress , where he had the distinct of be the onli whig from illinoi . 
 befor concentr on health-car manag in 1976 by start his own consult firm , dr. pesch establish himself in academ and govern service. he taught at the univers of chicago and northwestern univers , among other school , and serv as dean of the medic school at the state univers of new york in buffalo . 
 i did n't believ it , but ... `` no one had step forward in protest , and most of the men start brood about the incid onli after they left the compani or return to their home in the unit state . larri colburn later bump into some gi 's at fort hood , texa , who had serv in other unit of task forc barker at the time of my lai 4 . 
 this say that anyon who hold a govern posit has to wait one year befor repres client befor the agenc where he worked. so lawyer who serv as special prosecutor ( and mayb their law partner ) are prohibit from repres client in justic depart case . 
 `` my mother is go to make the round with me until i get use to it . `` corrigan had serv in the irish navi and after a while , want to see someth of the world , he join the american fleet . 
 mr. brodi will continu to be chief execut ; a successor as presid has n't been named. previous , futur exchang , unlik major stock exchang , typic have elect exchang member to serv as part-tim chairmen on a temporari basi . 
 all the same , recent occup of that famous hous have n't had what i would call a happi time. the last one to serv two term and leav with the plaudit of his fellow citizen was dwight eisenhow , and his first inaugur was near 35 year ago . 
 while the settlement on the connecticut were multipli , roger william , the salem cleric , was ask embarrass question of the massachusett bay elders. he dislik the idea that onli church member could serv in govern post . 
 in retrospect , dome , which acquir hudson 's bay oil at the peak of the oil market , paid too much. mr. maier join transcanada , a natur gas pipelin concern , as presid in 1985 after serv in a similar capac for a much smaller compani , bow valley industri ltd. , a calgary-bas oil and gas produc . 
 after most of the religi squabbl die down and mrs. hutchinson shook the dust of the new coloni from her skirt to tri again in new hampshir , the coloni was organ as `` rhode island and the provid plantat . `` william serv as governor for three year , leav that post befor jame ii took away the charter and tuck rhode island into the giant complex hand over to edmund andro . 
 `` everybodi is push him off the cliff , '' one senat said. the former cia offic assign by mr. casey to work in the arm network was a high regard oper who head cia oper in nicaragua and then serv as a special assist to the director in 1985 . 
 mr. amerman came to mattel as intern divis presid in 1980. he previous was presid of the american chicl divis of warner-lambert co. , morri plain , n.j. , have serv befor that in various market role at the pharmaceut and consum product concern . 
 the colonel invit me to drive home with him , he want to speak to me on urgent busi . the colonel had serv with great distinct in the french armi dure the war of 70 and had been wound at gravelott . 
 the 65-year-old nativ of chicago 's south side has come a long way. after serv as a navi torpedo-man in world war ii , his first job was as a clerk at an insur concern in 1946 . 
 hoover call special agent samuel p. cowley to his offic and told him to take charg of the hunt for dilling . cowley was a big man , thirty-four year old , and a former lawyer who onc had serv as a missionari in the mormon church . 
 canadian just do n't take to ventur capit entrepreneuri situat like american . `` howev , walsh , who serv in the electron div . of canada 's dept. of industri , trade and commerc , believ that thing are improv . 
 appar there would have been mani like us , so concern that we would have done whatev was legal to ensur the safeti of our nation . the knowledg dissip ani apprehens i felt about the proprieti of my serv as presid of my state 's elector colleg . 
 washington was the great-grandson of john washington , who had migrat to virginia dure cromwel 's regim . none of his ancestor had been devot to the militari life , although his half-broth lawrenc had serv with admir edward vernon in 1741 in fleet and land action against cartagena , a spanish port on the caribbean . 
 thoma bond , an independ option market maker , was unanim nomin by local director of the chicago board option exchang to serv as vice chairman and chairman of the execut committe for 1988 . 
 dr. debetaz ' statu has been place on the lawn in front of headquart , alongsid the driveway . a plaster replica is on display at colgat univers , where henri a. colgat , presid of the see eye from 1940 until his death in 1957 serv as a truste . 
 general food corp. name jame w. mcvey , presid of it oscar mayer food corp. subsidiari , to the addit post of chief execut offic of the unit , effect jan. 1. he succeed jerri m. hiegel , 59 year old , who will remain chairman of oscar mayer until may 1 , after which he will serv as a consult to the compani . 
 presid reagan had want mr. shad to stay on as chairman , accord to administr sources. but mr. shad , who alreadi has serv longer than ani of his 21 predecessor , declin , say he would prefer an ambassadorship or anoth post . 
 but the investor agre to give 193,827 northview share to the govern as part of his settlement with the sec. in a statement , northview said mr. fabiani will serv as act chairman and chief execut offic until it can find a perman successor to mr. boeski . 
 other contend that in practic , mr. oliv 's emphasi on self-regul by busi mean that hard ani enforc action are taken. `` for a real skeptic of ani govern intervent '' such as mr. oliv , `` there has to be lot and lot of evid befor he will agre to file a case , '' say mark leddi , a former deputi assist attorney general who serv in both the reagan and carter administr . 
 director also return william s. paley to the chairman 's post. he step down from that posit in 1983 , but recent had been serv as act chairman . 
 so he put the foreign offic , whom he trust , in command at the gate flatter them and make them gift of cost garment . a young scot , david butler , serv for pay as ensign on the anchor orel . 
 he wish you to teach him how you fought like that ! `` with kennart serv as interpret , the job of get the sled aboard the ship move more smooth than the new yorker expect . 
 to a larg extent it is the consum who bear the burden of the tax. the farmer , the manufactur , and the merchant serv as agent of the tax author , collect the vat from their custom and remit the appropri share to the govern . 
 your articl of jan. 14 say britain 's royal marin do n't get the respect they deserv , and that may be the case among those who know no better. but my observ from particip in exercis with them , back up without except by convers with generat date from the korean war to the present , is that u.s. marin would rather serv alongsid the royal marin than ani other outfit . 
 neither mr. hay nor howard weitzman , the lead defens attorney , could be reach for comment. donald bryce , a chrysler corp. engin supervisor who serv as juri foreman , said in a telephon interview yesterday that almost from the start of deliber dec. 10 , three juror believ mr. de lorean should be convict for alleg convert to his own use more than $ 8.5 million rais to develop his sport car . 
 gen. john r. galvin was name to succeed gen. bernard roger as the north atlant treati organ 's suprem alli command in europ and commander-in-chief of u.s. forc there. gen. galvin , who has been consid the front-runn for the job , serv for the past two year as commander-in-chief of the u.s. southern command , base in panama . 
 winter park polic said they are continu to search for a former philip crosbi employe who was in a posit to transfer corpor fund by wire. the compani identifi the suspect as john c. nelson , who until about a month ago serv as vice presid and director of financ for crosbi associ intern , a unit of philip crosbi . 
 they all had menial job and malcolm felt that elijah muhammad and his work could be further ahead if he had his son around him to help. suppos they would serv in administr capac form a cadr around their father . 
 it was no solut to the problem when in 1698 the king , decid there were too mani governor and too mani coloni , tie all the new england provinc , new york , and new jersey into one huge territori . the earl of bellomont , then serv as governor of new york , would assum the combin command . 
 col. gadd was part of the arm network. after retir from the militari in 1983 , gen. secord serv for a period on a special oper advisori panel use by mr. koch when he was at the pentagon . 
 `` one of our dearest hope is that frank can use his tie to weinberg to get arm control on track , '' one administr offici says. mr. carlucci serv under mr. weinberg as deputi secretari of defens in the first reagan term . 
 he was a report and an editor dure the stewardship of the late bernard kilgor , who help build the journal into a nation newspaper. mr. guilfoyl serv as commod editor of the journal and later as latin american correspond . 
 they kept themselv well protect from whatev might happen . `` peter winnen , an english major , had come to kent after serv as a forward artilleri observ in vietnam . 
 feder asset sale guidelin general requir that the secur be taxabl and sold without recours to the government. park benjamin , manag director for manufactur ' municip secur group , say `` in the near term revenu ( from serv as asset sale advis or underwrit ) wo n't be terribl great , but over the next two year the busi will be of grow signific '' as the feder govern sell more loan . 
 he propos that the cia purchas the equip , some of which , he indic , had been bought from the u.s. air forc origin under special `` proprietari arrangements. '' though the report did n't deal with the matter , intellig sourc have identifi gen. secord as part of a network of former air forc offic who serv as privat clandestin contractor for the govern . 
 congress has given him a commiss as major general an honorari rank of cours . he insist on serv without pay . `` 
 paul j. schierl , chairman of fort howard paper co. , was name a director of this member bank of the feder reserv system. he succeed leon t. kendal , chairman of morgan guaranti insur corp. , who serv the maximum two full term on the board . 
 it appear as though boyd was be made the scapegoat for chrysler 's collaps , despit statement to the contrari by townsend and by boyd himself . replac boyd was townsend 's long-tim proteg , john j. riccardo , a forty-five-year-old account who had serv as group vice presid of the u.s. and canadian automot divis , the third-rank posit in chrysler 's hierarchi . 
 interest parti are advis , therefor , to consult their termin supplier on this subject . ( mr. power is a partner in the intern account and consult firm of touch ross & co. , where he is director of servic to commerci industri . previous he was with univac and serv for 14 year as an offic in the u.s. air forc . 
 the report urg a grass-root drive to teach american their oblig to pay taxes. `` peopl just do n't feel guilti enough when they do n't fill out their tax return proper , '' say mr. calkin , who serv on the commiss . 
 perhap he was fortun , for few men live most of their live with an idol that remain unshatt . he becam secretari of war under the articl of confeder and then serv in washington 's cabinet , hide whatev inner man there was under a facad of jolli fat-man mirth . 
 mr. loeffler , a lawyer , was appoint in 1973 as truste of equiti fund after the financi servic compani collaps as the result of massiv fraud in it princip insur subsidiary. he serv until 1976 , when a reorgan equiti fund emerg from bankruptci law proceed as orion capit corp . 
 although mr. smith had earlier had two heart attack and a stroke , he has had to go to work part-time. the three top offic of diamond/obi were : barton greenberg , the 44-year-old chairman who found the compani in 1973 ; lesli a. lupovich , 35 , who serv as vice presid and secretary-treasur ; and gari l. mitchel , 51 , who start as a consult for the compani in 1980 and end up as presid . 
 custer hire her as his person `` mess-mol . `` an orphan hobbledehoy call johnni cisco serv as general custer 's tableboy , groom , and valet , and prefer sack out with custer 's pack of prize hound and hors rather than in a tent of his choic . 
 guillermo faura , command of peru 's river gunboat fleet . admir faura and i had been shipmat in the late 1940 's , when i serv on detach from the u.s. navi as gunneri advisor to the peruvian navi . 
 computerland 's mr. water said the warburg group 's announc is `` welcom news '' at the compani , which has had to contend with signific upheav in the person comput market as well as the worrisom disput between mr. millard and micro/vest. mr. millard former serv as computerland 's chairman and chief execut offic until septemb 1985 , when he step asid follow the micro/vest verdict . 
 `` i am non-viol , `` he says. `` last spring i watch the rotc fellow train , and i respect them for their willing to serv in uniform , as i had . 
 and yesterday , it earn the cigar-smok , 48-year-old mr. price the appoint as manag director for govern loan sale in manufactur ' invest bank unit. a 14-year veteran of the nation 's fourth-largest bank compani , mr. price has serv in a varieti of job , includ govern relat and as overs of the compani 's non-bank activities. befor join the bank , he serv in the nixon administr as special assist to the presid for urban and rural affair . 
 he was replac as chairman by robert slater , who is now also nation liberti 's chief oper offic ; he had been chief execut of john hancock mutual life until 1970 . later that year he serv briefli as presid of the falter investor oversea servic . 
 mr. scott resign becaus of `` a longstand prior commitment. '' graham kennedi , a senior execut of jame capel , a london stockbrokerag , and chairman of the london stock exchang 's quotat committe , will continu to serv as an investig . 
 these youth juri learn , first , to think for themselv ; second , that the law is the same for everyon ; third , to take respons not onli for their own action but for those of their youth group ; and , final , that there is no racial discrimin in a court of law. we have on our high school juri indian , negro , and white ; ani student who want to is free to serv . 
 `` it was high to the credit of the u.s. that her frigat were of better make and armament than ani other ; it alway speak well for a nation 's energi and capac that her implement of warfar are of superior kind : this is a perfect legitim reason for pride. '' u.s. naval polici dure the war was aim at lift the wrong and embarrass impress of seamen serv on american merchant ship , whom the crown claim as it own subject . 
 but the navajo want to be more a part of the unit state as well . dure the past decad , two navajo have serv in the new mexico legislatur . 
 eleven of the tpa patient bled , onli three of them seriously. dr. gold , who also serv as a consult for genentech , assert that further angina studi may lead to a role for tpa in prevent heart attack . 
 mr. gardner , professor of law at columbia , serv as u.s. ambassador to itali from 1977 to 1981 . 
 perhap the divis within the contra ' polit world are best illustr by the posit of mr. robelo. while he say `` reform are move ahead , '' he add that it is doubt he ll be abl to continu to serv on the director when a reconstitut uno legisl assembl elect the new seven-man board sometim this month or next . 
 it produc tv program about nuclear prolifer , popul control and the environ , and it allow mr. turner to attend board meet with jimmi carter and jacqu cousteau 's son. it also interest mr. turner 's former pilot and current femal companion , j.j. ebaugh , who serv as a liaison between the societi and turner broadcast . 
 at the time , the administr cite execut privileg for refus to give lawmak various intern epa document relat to the `` superfund '' program to clean up toxic-wast dumps. the independ counsel 's file contend that mr. mees , who serv as white hous counselor at the time , also play a role in the controversi and therefor should n't have the final word on the scope of the current investig . 
 mr. johnson has had the support of the board and of mr. sticht , so power a director that some say he has been unoffici chairman all along. this is n't the first time mr. sticht has been pluck from the board to serv in a larger role . 
 wyman-gordon , a maker of forg for the defens and aerospac industri , has been look for a new presid and chief execut sinc decemb , when 63-year-old richard bullock took earli retir for health reasons. sinc then , chairman joseph r. carter , 68 , has been serv as chief execut . 
 but reinforc reach the confeder in the nick of time from the shenandoah valley . the first fresh rebel unit to arriv were led by an eccentr mathemat professor from virginia militari institut , thoma j. jackson , now serv as a brigadi general under lieuten general joseph e. johnston . 
 gordon macklin has structur the board to repres all group that could have ani conceiv concern about the condit of the marketplace. i have serv with such men as bill mcgowan of mci and dick west , dean of new york univers 's school of busi . 
 at the school , i ask sever children what they want to be when they grew up. alway they said , `` i will serv anywher the revolut need me . '' 
 we have been on the project for six year , and the first brick has yet to be laid . mani compani now close supervis the manag of their pension and profit-shar trust invest , and if you have had experi in this field you might consid serv as one of the truste of such fund after retir . 
 it was occas in 1983 by the ascens of yuri andropov to the post of general secretary. no doubt awar of mr. ligachev 's reput as a strict disciplinarian , mr. andropov brought him to moscow to serv as a secretari of the central committe . 
 `` i do not see myself as an emissari of ani group or faction , `` he say , `` but i want to make sure that the corpor is respons to the broader communiti . `` catherin b. cleari , fifty-f , presid of first wisconsin trust co. , serv on sever board . 
 he becam an instructor at harvard in 1939 , an associ professor in 1945 , and professor of japanes histori in 1950 . dure world war ii he serv with the rank of lieuten colonel in the militari intellig servic of the war depart general staff , and he was award the legion of merit . 
 be state organ , they were subject to the order of the state governors. in the war of 1812 half of the militia , especi those of new england , refus to serv . 
 mark d. grossi , 34 , was name presid , succeed mr. baylor. mr. grossi , who former serv as execut vice presid and chief financi offic of transohio save bank , cleveland , also will serv as first american 's chief oper offic . 
 greyhound , which offer the earli retir option to 90 employe , earlier had reduc sharpli it total employ from last year 's 35,922 with the $ 350 million sale of greyhound line inc. greyhound line employ about 8,000. mr. nageott , a 40-year veteran of greyhound , continu as a consult to the compani and will serv as a director of greyhound line , now own by a dallas-bas invest group led by fred g. currey . 
 it was benton 's last night on the line . he had serv his year and was to be flown by helicopt to a rear area in the morn to be process out . 
 in addit , one lawmak sympathet to col. north said the panel also have learn that he use the travel 's check to give a `` bonus '' of about $ 1,000 to an associ , robert owen , when mr. owen was marri more than a year ago. mr. owen , who serv as a courier between col. north and leader of mr. calero 's nicaraguan democrat forc , resum his testimoni befor the committe today . 
 a montenegran like milovan djila , vukmanov has been a communist sinc 1935 . he serv as member of the suprem partisan headquart and central committe , as tito 's partisan chief in macedonia , and at war 's end as chief of the polit administr of the armi . 
 mr. heineman , 43 year old , has been manag partner of the washington offic of sidley & austin , a chicago law firm. he previous serv as assist secretari for plan and evalu in the former depart of health , educ and welfar and as execut assist to the secretari . 
 this old soldier of fortun , an honor graduat of columbia colleg , began his stormi career as an indian fighter on the midwestern frontier . kearni , whose left arm was blown off dure the mexican war , also serv as militari attach with the french armi in itali and algeria , twice win the legion d'honneur . 
 have contribut generous to european recoveri when time were bad , the american govern was natur anxious not to be left out in the cold now that they were good . in the presidenti elect of 1960 a young democrat , john f. kennedi , had been chosen to succeed the elder republican , general dwight d. eisenhow , who had serv two , four-year term . 
 separ , a senior administr offici said that the administr may decid this week on a new chairman of the feder home loan bank board this week. the top contend are danni wall , minor staff director of the senat bank committe , and philip winn , a colorado real estat develop who former serv as assist secretari of hous and urban develop . 
 mr. mcpherson would succeed richard darman , who resign in april to becom an invest banker. in the treasuri 's no. 2 posit , mr. mcpherson , who serv in the white hous under presid ford , would be expect to work close with secretari jame baker on intern econom polici , includ the third world debt problem . 
 this was a follow-up of an idea outlin by winston churchil at strasbourg , for a forc to be known as the european defens communiti , recruit from the nation of western europe. all the unit of this intern armi would serv under a singl high command , bear a singl banner , be arm with standard weapon and wear the same uniform . 
 i want to be use to the m. o. b. , not just win . my oppon has serv long and well . 
 whi should i go help the white man kill other dark peopl while he 's still kill us here at home ? `` i could n't help think about my son who is serv as a tank gunner in vietnam . 
 the compani has been the subject of recent inquiri by u.s. diplomat offici in europ , and is view with annoy by a much larger spanish militari consortium with a similar name in madrid. jose garnel , a princip in the lisbon compani , had serv as the portug agent for such major weapon maker as colt industri inc. , new york . 
 one of the ablest offic it has been my pleasur to know in recent time , lt. gen. colin powel , is the new deputy. i have no doubt he will serv with the highest distinct , yet it seem to me a disservic to place him in what will inevit be a compromis position. no matter that he is a man of the highest integr , certain to reject illeg action in support of even the most worthi of polici object , he , and the other militari offic who serv on that staff , will be confront with the need to make judgment about national-secur polici that can not be remov from the pressur of domest polit . 
 they ad that it is unlik anyth would be made public becaus of `` the delic natur of the case. '' the u.s. archbishop , who has serv as bodyguard and advanc man dure the mani foreign trip of pope john paul ii , has long been investig in connect with $ 1.3 billion in loan made by banco ambrosiano to 10 oversea `` dummi '' compani control by the ior . 
 if he has first admir the carriag that drive past him in the champs-elyse , on a fine afternoon , he will end by covet them . eugen had unconsci serv his apprenticeship by the time he went home for his vacat , after take his degre of bachelor of letter and bachelor of law . 
 onc a week , though , they were allow to sleep in the same room. saburo was wait for the octob twenty-sixth tenri fall festiv , and after he spoke to his mother there , arrang for the marriag with yakichi to serv as matchmak would be complet . 
 aspen special in full text comput storag and retriev of inform , includ the statut of the 50 state and relat feder code ... albert a. hazan , one of the founder of courier termin system , phoenix-bas manufactur of ibm-compat crt display termin and termin printer , has been name to the new post of assist to the presid of the compani . he had been serv as director of market ... ur system corp. , san mateo , calif. , has appoint joseph c. vierra presid of it ur data scienc co. divis . 
 mr. hammer is the paradigmat exampl of chutzpah ; he has overcom career obstacl that would have fell lesser men. a lifelong sovietophil , he has serv as a self-describ emissari between the u.s. and everi soviet leader sinc lenin , except stalin , whom he describ as an aw person ( nevertheless , between stalin and trotski , mr. hammer prefer stalin ) . 
 temuchin gain a reput for be particular tenaci and resourc in battl , and generous to his support . he serv for a period as a mercenari with the kin , fight against his tribal enemi and build up his own follow . 
 he design score of product in his 25 year at henri dreyfuss associ , new york , befor leav to establish his own practic in rural connecticut six year ago. he has serv as a design or consult to a who 's who of corpor , includ most recent general motor corp. , ford motor co. , phillip corp. and texa instrument inc . 
 battalion command ran their compani by radio. on the ground , where grunt spent a whole year ( marin , 13 month ) , green captain and lieuten gave order to line compani and platoon for six month -- enough time for a command ticket punch and an obligatori combat infantrymen 's badg , deserv or not -- befor serv the last half of their vietnam tour in the rear . 
 succeed him as presid of the pharmaceut and health product concern will be georg ebright , smithklin 's 49-year-old chief oper officer. mr. ebright will serv as oper chief , as well as presid , smithklin said . 
 edwin v.w. zschau , founder and former chairman of this maker of data storag and printer product , was again name chairman , succeed eugen r. white. mr. white , 55 year old , remain a director and consult for the compani , as well as serv in his other duti as chairman of amdahl corp. mr. zschau , 47 , most recent complet two term as a u.s. repres from the 12th congression district of california . 
 pakistan 's prime minist announc a new , smaller cabinet consist of minist who had serv in the govern that resign saturday follow riot in karachi . 
 there was noth to do but to have a swim at santa lucia at sunris and to return to the slum with a cool head but still trembl with fear. in the afternoon my offer to serv on the staff of the cholera hospit of santa maddalena was accept . 
 then captain glenn , a stickler for regul ; captain johnston , fair but easili persuad ; captain gregori , do n't know much about him ; captain jarvi , hard but fair , he came up from the lower deck as you did ; captain kersey , old man now , but still alert ; and captain macallest , he 's a bear if there ever was one . `` mereweth had met all of them at one time or anoth , and had serv two year as a second lieuten under kersey . 
 make music is onli part of the music director 's job. mr. wolff also serv as a public spokesman for the orchestra . 
 chairman john mckean made the announc at the board 's meet yesterday , but refus to comment further. other board member said they expect mr. mckean to serv out his term as a board member until decemb 1991 . 
 phil o'bannion come by on his poni then . his father was a sergeant too , but not like pa. pa had been a sergeant sinc the war and had serv with colonel padgett right on through the whole troubl . 
 he was a civilian , but his postur was militari . he had serv in two world war . 
 look what harley dann 's done with the office. `` `` harold , `` fitzpatrick said , `` he can serv as my vice presid for two term and then run for presid in his own right . 
 thieu 's report immedi set off anoth round of polit infight . senat tran van don , a lead oppon of thieu who also serv as chairman of the senat defens committe , announc on novemb 25 that he would conduct his own investig into the affair . 
 the coloni look to 23-year-old georg washington for protection. frantic letter from the politician at williamsburg arriv at mount vernon , ask if he would be will to serv on the frontier . 
 a six-year-old malawi girl may lead a breakthrough in south africa 's school apartheid by becom the first black child to be admit to a white school. her name is chipo , eldest daughter of the first black ambassador to serv in south africa , mr. joe kachingw of malawi . 
 as part of this overal strategi , oliv `` buck '' revel , one of the fbi 's execut assist director and a confid of mr. webster , was taken off the iran-contra investig week ago. mr. revel previous serv with fire white hous aid oliv north on two of the administr 's high-level anti-terror committe , and lt. col. north report ask him in octob to sidetrack the southern air probe . 
 the presid was worri and anxious and mani a night look forward to the peac of mount vernon. `` but you must serv again , mr. presid ! `` men exclaim , when he spoke of be through with his work . 
 a good deal of money was spent , but all that result in washington 's lifetim was the product of some cypress shingl . about this same time , washington was elect vestryman for truro parish , where his father had serv . 
 unpleas as the cut have been in the short term , ivorian seem will to make even more sacrifices. `` they are determin to stay on cours , '' say pierr bonneil , an expatri frenchman who serv as the chief financi offic of the blohorn group , the ivori coast 's biggest produc of consum good . 
 separ , geac said robert k. isserstedt , 45 year old , a director , was name president. he succeed william bearisto , 49 , who resign last month after serv as presid for about six month . 
 mr. ballantin is a princip with peat , marwick , mitchel & co. from 1983 to 1985 he serv as an associ director for econom polici at the offic of manag and budget . 
 when latendress was thirteen a neighbor priest took him out of the orphanag and rais him in his own presbyter in a villag on the shore of the lower st. lawrenc . he read all the priest 's book , he studi wood-carv and becam skil at carv imag of saint for the church ; he serv as an altar boy and when older he enter a seminari . 
 ducommun inc. 's w. donald bell resign after serv as presid for slight more than a year . 
 alfr h. mark is professor of english at the state univers of new york at new paltz and editor in chief of the quarter literatur east & west . he began learn japanes at armi school dure world war ii and serv as fulbright senior lectur in american literatur at kanazawa univers , japan , in 1965-6 . 
 this tribut to lincoln 's manhood , which came in spite of his freedom from the vice of the gang , seem to have been in part a recognit of his prowess in competit sport , especi wrestl , and in part a pure matter of person attach . in 1834 lincoln was chosen to the state legislatur ; and he serv dure four success term ( 1834-41 ) , first at vandalia , the old capit , and later at springfield . 
 each year the board nomin and elect a new group to replac approxim one-third of the member who have complet their term of office. the invit is issu on the basi of the need of the organ for specif profession and person compet in a given field ; member serv as individu , not as repres of their organ or institut . 
 messrs. hettleman and sommer serv on merritt 's board until the thrift collaps . 
 he himself stay with his father-in-law the king and had half the kingdom while he live and the whole of it after his death . there was onc a scotsman and an englishman and an irishman serv in the armi togeth , who took it into their head to run away . 
 mr. gate is believ to have testifi to a senat committe that lt. col. north mention an iran-contra connect dure an octob luncheon with mr. casey. former republican sen. john tower of texa , who also has serv as mr. reagan 's strateg arm negoti , and sen. malcolm wallop ( r. , wyo. ) , also have been mention , offici said . 
 instead , dr. bowen was allow to turn over the project to his chief of staff , thoma r. burk , a career civil servant. the two men becam close associ when mr. burk serv as execut director of a 1982-84 advisori council on medicar that dr. bowen chair . 
 how would you like to go out with me and look the region over ? we would go beyond where we serv with braddock . `` 
 in mani area , negro work for the armi as labor , teamster , wagon , cook , servant and laundress . fugit slave often serv as guid for yanke troop unfamiliar with certain region . 
 ridenhour was discharg and return to phoenix in earli decemb , 1968 , intent on do someth about the shoot at my lai 4 . he had serv well in vietnam , both as a helicopt door gunner and as a team leader of long-rang patrol group . 
 but they becam close friends. mr. goldblith , aid by mr. ayukawa , later spearhead mani of mit 's tie with japan and now serv as an advis to paul gray , mit 's president. mr. ayukawa , a promin japanes ventur capitalist , serv on mit 's board of director . 
 congress impos restrict on his salari -- and on the salari of the seven other commission -- after a critic general account offic audit found that mr. pendleton in 1985 had bill the commiss for near $ 70,000 in salari for what has tradit been view as a part-tim job. with four month remain in the feder fiscal year , mr. pendleton has left onli about 15 of the 125 day that congress has allow him to serv with compens this year . 
 women 's group are again push an equal right amendment. and a group of promin moder favor longer term for member of congress and permit legisl to serv in the cabinet . 
 the group has link to islam jihad , the moslem extremist group blame for the assassin of presid anwar sadat at a militari parad in 1981. although the charg were announc last week , the young offic were arrest juli 25 while serv in technic job in differ unit , the spokesman said . 
 mr. carberri also argu the onli insider-trad case the u.s. attorney 's southern district has lost : the trial of thoma c. reed , a former special assist to presid reagan for nation secur affairs. mr. reed , who serv in the white hous from 1982 to 1983 , was acquit last year of charg in connect with a stock-opt trade he made in 1981 as a privat investor . 
 those thing , howev , have becom besid the point , accord to guido bagotta. he is itali 's and , perhap , all of europ 's , lead author on footbal by virtu of his have done the play-by-play for five super bowl on italian nation tv , and serv as editor of `` pro bowl , '' an italian magazin devot to the sport . 
 the european parliament want ec govern to take an even harder line , with retroact dump duti and preemptiv tariff against new product like satellite-tv receivers. `` while we may practic free trade at this end , they do n't do so in japan and they do n't have ani intent of do so , '' say jame moorhous , a briton who serv as the european parliament 's one-man subcommitte on japanes trade . 
 the indict accus w. franklyn chinn , mr. mees 's former person financi advis whom he entrust with his famili 's save in 1985 , of conspir with other to defraud wedtech and to violat secur and exchang commiss report requir involv a 1986 stock offer by the company. mr. chinn , who serv as a wedtech consult and later as a director , was accus of help conceal the purpos of some payment from the compani to mr. wallach . 
 then he tore the treati to piec . `` gentlemen , `` he said , `` i had the pleasur of serv with your arm forc throughout two year of world war one . 
 william bernstein , execut vice presid at orion , dismiss specul that there may be a fight for control of the compani , say that `` these are not stranger to us -- we ve known all these peopl a long time. '' john kluge , metromedia 's chairman , and three viacom execut serv on orion 's board . 
 mr. mees said at a news confer that mr. reagan soon will issu an execut order give the board author over everyth from design intern drug erad effort to recommend futur budget priorities. health and human servic secretari oti bowen will serv as the board 's vice chairman . 
 he wipe away finch 's web of special assist in favor of a small person staff of trust aid , mani of whom he had work with or had known for year . perhap becaus he had serv at hew befor , richardson had no fear of the career bureaucrat . 
 caesar world , which last year turn down mr. sosnoff 's request for a seat on the board , retain drexel burnham lambert inc. to help studi the offer. although drexel tradit has serv as it invest banker , the firm also has repres mr. sosnoff befor . 
 he spent most of his time care for the make-believ ill of men who want time off . the boatswain had serv on a whaler , and tri without success to appli the tough rule of whale ship to the men under him . 
 arthur 's first case was a man with grotesqu swollen limb . `` well , my man , you ve serv in the armi i see , `` bell snap . 
 anoth son , w.j. timken , is director of human resourc development. the senior mr. timken had been elect to serv until april of next year . 
 he too father a whole dynasti of violin-mak . he serv his apprenticeship in vienna , and settl in pragu after some year of travel as a journeyman . 
 to replac these execut , nasso micha , senior vice presid for broker-deal servic of merril lynch capit market , and head of the firm 's clear oper , also will assum respons for the firm 's mortgage-back secur trade activities. mr. andr will serv as an advis to mr. micha , offici said . 
 thoma bond , an independ option market maker , was unanim nomin by local director of the chicago board option exchang to serv as vice chairman and chairman of the execut committe for 1988. mr. bond , 45 year old , would succeed gari p. lahey , who has serv two term as vice chairman , the cboe 's highest elect offic , and is n't stand for reelect . 
 lester einbend , 67 year old , was presid and chief execut offic of this women 's apparel retail until last year. he most recent serv as execut vice presid of the compani . 
 colleagu describ him as a activ conserv whose friend includ former u.n. ambassador jean kirkpatrick and norman podhoretz , editor in chief of `` commentary. '' he help financ gop maverick lewi lehrman 's abort run for governor of new york , and he serv on presid reagan 's general advisori committe on arm control and disarma . 
 he had a cast in his right eye which made it blind , and he was rejected. determin to serv , he succeed in join the merchant marin . 
 he retir in march 1913 to the campus of his belov yale as kent professor of constitut law . dure the world war he serv as joint-chairman of the nation war labor board . 
 mr. griesem , 56 year old , is presid of griesem stone co. of springfield , mo. , and head the postal board 's financi and audit committe befor his appoint as chairman. mr. coughlin , 46 , previous was senior assist postmast general for oper support and has serv as a region postmast general and in sever top posit at postal servic headquart . 
 he has declin request for comment , and it is n't clear what posit he would adopt on fed policy. mr. olsen is the lead candid to serv the rest of mr. wallich 's term , which end jan. 31 , 1988 . 
 ruckelshaus is a republican parti loyalist after mitchel 's own heart , a member of a well-to-do cathol famili long promin in indiana legal and polit circl . his grandfath had serv as a g. o. p. counti chairman in indianapoli , and his father , who was a promin lawyer in the citi , attend everi nation convent from warren hard 's time until 1960 . 
 the judg declin to discuss whi he replac mr. jacobsen , who had been appoint last june to an 18-month term. judg ackerman also name an associ truste , frank jackiewicz , a 45-year-old member of the teamster who has serv as shop steward , vice presid and secretary/treasur of teamster local 843 . 
 mr. carlucci has recruit grant green , a former aid from his pentagon stint , as execut secretary. he will name peter rodman , a current council staff member and former aid to henri kissing , to serv as counsellor , administr sourc said . 
 in 1879 he was made the first director of the smithsonian 's bureau of ethnolog , which he found . he had alreadi help to found the unit state geolog survey , under the depart of the interior , and serv as it second director . 
 sen. daniel inouy and rep. lee hamilton , the newli appoint chairmen of the committe charg with investig the iran-contra arm scandal , are as differ in style as the senat and hous in which they have serv for more than two decad . 
 he had led the littl pilgrim armi for more than thirti year and it had never been defeat . bradford die six month later , serv as governor almost to his final day . 
 the 63-year-old mr. sprinkel is presid reagan 's top advis on a wide rang of econom polici matters. a monetarist , he has serv as chairman sinc the spring of 1985 and befor that was treasuri undersecretari for monetari affair . 
 then , with the rise of the great kurdish warrior saladin , the tide turn against them . saladin was brought up as a boy among the seljuk of northern syria and later serv in egypt as command in chief of the armi . 
 for this offenc he languish in the tower for six week . later he serv in the english fleet under lord sandwich and distinguish himself by his braveri . 
 it million citizen descend from west african brought here as slave , indentur labor from india and china , french planter , spanish adventur , english merchant and even north american . escap negro slave who serv with the british dure the war of 1812 were resettl in trinidad . 
 moreov , bustamant and his advisor in guatemala citi wise encourag this refus by promis to upgrad the status of their govern in the hierarchi of town and citi rank and by grant choic appoint to the molina of san vicent , the barroeta of san miguel , and the carcamo of santa ana. in addit , bustamant sent two promin creol from guatemala citi to serv as peac emissari ; one of them replac the spanish-born intend , who presum had abus his author at san salvador . 
 howev , two fact need correcting. first , sir john cowperthwait serv as financi secretari dure 1961-71 , not as governor . 
 here he spent six picturesqu and format year ( 1831-37 ) , work in the store of denton offutt till it `` peter out `` ; manag a mill ; conduct a store with w. f. berri , who die leav a heavi debt ( $ 1,100 ) all of which lincoln final paid ; split rail and do odd job to earn a scant live ; act as villag postmast ; travers the counti as deputi surveyor ; and all the while read law , studi grammar , widen his acquaint , follow the trend of nation polit , and lay the foundat for a wide person influenc . it was dure this period that he serv in the black hawk war , be unanim elect captain by the men of his compani . 
 it is a mistak to place a militari offic in such a position. no matter how profession abl , a militari offic serv on the nsc staff must becom , in some measur , a polit animal. ( regrett , polit also make tight secur veri difficult to accomplish . ) 
 mr. huelskoett declin to comment. mr. walker most recent serv as manag of intern market develop for a divis of fmc corp. , the compani said . 
 at the former he set up william wollaston 's the religion of natur delin ( 1725 ) which inspir him to write and print a refut a dissert on liberti and necess , pleasur and pain ( 1725 ) , in which he present , clever for a boy , the current theori of necess . he return to philadelphia in octob 1726 , with mr. denham , a quaker merchant , in whose shop he serv as clerk , learn account and becom `` expert in sell . `` 
 son go off into the world , daughter to studi in europ , and other famili member to work in africa , asia , and the island of the pacific. our own elder daughter write from the rural philippin , where she and her husband and four son serv under a mission board . 
 presid reagan brought an experienc polit oper to the new white hous team by name kenneth duberstein his deputi chief of staff. mr. duberstein , current vice presid of the big washington consult firm timmon & co. , serv in the ford administr and in the first reagan term , where for two year he head the white hous legisl affair offic . 
 john live in upper montclair , new jersey . jack graduat from princeton univers , later serv in the navi in world war ii , and has work in various field of industri engin . 
 at least one of the difficulti wilcox encount the view that an execut 's retir reduc his valu as a director appear to be receding. a grow number of chief execut are look for men around sixty-two to serv as director from their retir until around seventi . 
 alleghani said mr. kirbi , chairman , and allan p. kirbi jr. , a director , intend to vote their share , about 21.6 % of the common outstand , in favor of the plan. the compani also said it expect that it current director and princip execut will continu to serv in the new compani . 
 of cours , there is anoth side to the stori , too . in seattl , four judg rotat serv six-month term in juvenil court . 
 dr. h. h. power has put all these thing and mani more , humor and tragic , into a book for our entertain . `` ( walkabout , melbourn ) in 1967 eduardo mallea began a novelist trilog , the first part entitl la barca de hielo ( `` the boat of ice `` ) . in this book one of the secondari charact was a man name adhemar riba who serv as a famili biograph . 
 mr. brant , the govern charg , pass some of the inform on to mr. clark , who is charg with make $ 453,000 in illeg trade profits. mr. brant is expect to serv as a govern wit at mr. clark 's trial . 
 messrs. wright and byrd have serv in congress sinc the 1950s , and they spent four year togeth in the hous . 
 my chief servic to the m. o. b. so far has been on the legisl committe , and as student divis presid . serv as student divis presid has taught me much about the m. o. b. and given me a good insight into it day-to-day oper . 
 moreov , industri sourc warn , demand for some opec oil next month may be close to nil. `` there is a crisi of confid '' in opec 's abil to maintain it price and product agreement , said nordin ait-laoussin , manag director of nalcosa , a geneva , switzerland , oil consult who serv as senior opec deleg for algeria in the past . 
 he previous was presid of lockheed-california. -- ben r. rich , 62 , who also will serv as general manag of advanc develop project , which general are classifi defens program . 
 anoth texan , economist georg w. roger , still is be consid , but `` it look like kelley is it '' becaus of the power treasuri chief 's back , an offici said. mr. kelley probabl will be nomin to serv the rest of mr. rice 's term , which end jan. 31 , 1990 . 
 we can support on the local level what the nation feder of the blind is do on a nation level . i have enjoy serv on the legisl and scholarship committe . i have also serv as secretari of the student divis . 
 for reason not entir clear , though washington 's knowledg of the countri and the influenc of dinwiddi are the probabl explan , braddock offer washington the posit of aid on his staff. his militari ambit were still aliv and this opportun to serv under a profession soldier appeal to him . 
 dant c. fabiani , who last week was name act chairman and chief execut of northview , will remain a director , the compani said. northview , an owner and oper of hotel , said mr. loeffler also will serv in the new posit of presid , which replac a three-memb offic of the presid . 
 some compani -- concern about their abil to attract and keep director in light of grow litig against director and the difficulti in get adequ liabil coverag -- have been adopt similar proposals. dun & bradstreet said , howev , that to date , it has n't had ani difficulti attract peopl to serv as director . 
 he was a rhode scholar and attend oxford univers in england for three year , where he receiv a law degre . dure world war ii he serv oversea with the 4th canadian armor divis and after the war was a member of the canadian war crime unit . 
 in his teen he fought with the night squad , then took charg of train underground offic . dure the isra war of independ in 1948-49 , he serv as chief of oper , and like to line the wall of his oper room with ancient roman map of his countri . 
 administr sourc said col. north 's boss , then nation secur advis john poindext , becam concern about col. north 's contra aid network in august and tri to eas col. north out of his role as overs of the administr 's central american policies. although col. north had serv as the administr 's chief liaison to the contra sinc 1984 , adm. poindext assign anoth nsc staffer to attend the cia brief for the presid in septemb , administr offici said . 
 mr. meng serv presid reagan as a special assist for national-secur affair from 1983-86 . 
 in 1974 , mr. owen was a vocal member of the hous judiciari committe that approv three articl of impeach 10 day befor presid nixon resigned. but in 1987 , mr. owen say he would n't have serv on the iran-contra panel , even if he had been ask . 
 the sleev were made of old famili lace , the veil of tull . mortim rodger was the best man and dick 's two best friend , larri hart and herbert field , serv as usher . 
 but oil specialist say the effect of the rift between saudi arabia and iran is like to intensifi later in the year , as the organ of petroleum export countri ' full confer in decemb draw near. inde , the vulner of the cartel could be `` somewhat exacerb by the confront '' between saudi arabia and iran , said jame schlesing , senior advis to shearson lehman brother inc. and former secretari of defens and of energi , who also serv as director of the central intellig agenc . 
 in 1822 a joint meet of the legislatur nomin him for the presid , and other state soon follow . he was also reelect to congress , where he serv from 1823 to 1825 , be again the choic of that bodi for speaker . 
 first citi 's problem underscor the sever of the recess in texa , and is a blow to the statur of one of houston 's found corpor families. first citi 's fortun have been tie to texa 's boom and bust , and especi in houston where the late judg jame a. elkin , who serv briefli as a counti judg , found the bank and a huge law firm . 
 mr. blicher , 42 year old , will retain the posit of chief oper officer. he succeed aaron a. gold , who will continu to serv as chairman and chief execut offic , the financi servic concern said . 
 `` how will you ever make a book from all that ? `` to conan doyl , the knight who serv under the banner of the royal plantagenet , and the bowmen they led , were like old friend . 
 anoth american who repres sever corpor in peke was harn pettus hoos , a los angel attorney . hoos came with impress credenti : he was rais in china by missionari parent , serv there dure world war ii , and speak the peke dialect fluentli . 
 mr. bijur is a vice presid of texaco and has been a director of the oil compani 's 78 % -own canadian unit sinc 1982. the compani said mr. bijur has `` broad experi in market , public affair and strateg plan , '' have serv two year as assist to texaco chairman john k. mckinley and handl sever special assign . 
 `` in elementari school we learn the name of the eight state which sent the most repres to congress and how mani there were from our home state then all that went down the drain by the new reapportion law . we learn all the presid ' name and date when they serv , but we never found out what made the good presid what way nor how bad presid get into offic . 
 the way they see it , if peopl are go to invest in hong kong , they may as well invest in taiwan. '' mr. chan , who serv on an advisori committe that help draft the new regul , said the reject of hong kong led to content between taiwan sec offici and invest advis who consid the coloni a lucrat market . 
 sen. leahi began by urg judg sentell 's wife and daughter not to miss the cherri blossoms. he told the judg , `` by all account that i have read , you serv with a great deal of distinct in your home state . '' 
 mr. fulton , 33 year old , is presid of close held fulton financi group , a pittsburgh-bas invest company. as co-chairman , mr. fulton will serv with the current chairman , william levi , 37 . 
 he is an associ professor at san fernando valley state colleg , teach exercis , physiolog , and scuba dive . he also serv as director of the human perform laboratori at san fernando valley state colleg . 
 with a show of forc the english troop overaw the dutch , stuyves capitul , and the red cross of st. georg went up along the hudson . new amsterdam becam new york , with willet , a leyden saint , as it first english mayor , serv three year befor return to receiv plymouth 's congratul . 
 whether she realli want them or not remain uncertain . the littl lame ladi who pass her courag life between a depress home and various club and societi for emancip women in which she serv as secretari or manag remain the elus sphinx of butler 's histori . 
 they had broken over that junior ministership , the first step on the ladder he knew she desired. pater did n't admir the minist and he could n't serv with a man whom he did n't respect . 
 gen. henri knox forthwith rais the question of preced , refus to serv if the general were rank accord to the order of washington 's publish list . 
 it member , elect on the basi of profession achiev , are main doctor and other health profession but at least 25 % must be lawyer , economist , social scientist and other nonmed professionals. in return for the honor of belong , member serv without pay on studi committe the institut set up to examin import health issu or to answer specif congression and agenc request for help . 
 b. dalton said mr. riggio , 45 , chairman and chief execut offic of barn & nobl , will take over leadership of b. dalton when mr. swenson leaves. mr. swenson , who has been ask to serv as a consult to b. dalton , said , `` it is import for the leadership to be in place when this import new junctur for the compani is reach . '' 
 what 's more , all the employe go to work togeth in one bus. caterpillar doe not place mani local peopl in posit of respons in it oversea subsidiari , nor is the compani particular interest in import foreign execut to serv in peoria . 
 they gave me a corner in the school paper for my humor and poetri , and my own pencil newspap , snap , was pass surreptiti around the school and into the home of my admir . pop serv his last session at the capitol that winter , for it was the begin of the end of nonpartisan leagu control . 
 pain was all enthusiasm , sinc whatev he might think of franc at the present moment , he was convinc that the real enemi to the revolut of the world was the govern of england. he told barer that he would not serv person as a commission , even though he plan to return to america at the end of the year . 
 oklahoma ! also invad the world outsid the unit state . compani sprout in europ , scandinavia , south africa , australia , and in everi pacif area where american arm troop serv in world war ii were station . 
 the text of in the begin is from the book of genesi . a mezzo-soprano solo serv as narrato , and the stori of the creation is told in antiphon dialogu between the narrat and the peopl , as repres by the chorus . 
 ordinari worker also particip in other manageri duti , such as help to supervis financi oper and quality-control measures. some even serv alongsid engin in the develop of new product machineri and techniqu . 
 joe hrudka , mr. gasket 's chairman and chief execut offic , said he will assum the addit respons of presid and chief oper officer. mr. hrudka , 48 , is the founder of mr. gasket and serv as presid befor name mr. braun to that job . 
 the compani 's reput was forg by william la port , chairman until 1981 , who was known both for hold the invest communiti in disdain and for his stern fiscal management. mr. stafford was hire by mr. la port in 1970 to becom american home 's general counsel , have previous serv on the legal staff at hoffmann-la roch inc. `` la port brought him into the inner circl veri earli , '' say a colleagu , and in 1981 , when john w. culligan becam chairman and chief execut , mr. stafford was made presid . 
 mr. moor , the 44-year-old son of the founder of this maker of industri instrument , was also name to the newli creat post of chief oper officer. as presid , he succeed e.g. rork , 64 , who will continu to serv as chairman and chief execut offic . 
 howev , when juror fail to reach a unanim verdict , they can tell the judg they are hopeless deadlocked. accord to the court transcript , the misunderstand came to light after judg cook dismiss the juror and invit them into his chamber to `` thank ( them ) for have serv . '' 
 pullman-peabodi , which is base in princeton , n.j. , was form as a result of the merger. `` he was up against an extrem clever adversari and he won , hand down , '' recal wilbur l. ross jr. , manag director of rothschild inc. , who serv as invest banker to peabodi intern dure the transact . 
 the first of these accid was the absenc from the kent campus of it chief administr , dr. robert i. white. just befor troubl broke out on friday night , may 1 , presid white depart for mason citi , iowa , to serv in his role as chairman of the board of the american colleg test program . 
 typic of the quaker work among the freedmen was that of cornelia hancock , a young hicksit quaker from hancock bridg , new jersey . cornelia becam a civil war nurs when scarc twenti , serv on sever famous battl field , and work among the contraband outsid of washington . 
 denounc and arrest , he was sent to prison. ( while there he wrote much of his finest poetry. ) a few year later , quat was reinstat and call back to officialdom to serv as a schoolmast . 
 two million american troop were haul to europ by the navi without loss of a singl life . other annapoli men serv in patrol boat , mine layer and arm yacht . mani serv at the forty-f air station in franc , and some earn golden wing for fli in war mission . 
 they both stood tall , men with wide shoulder and lean hip , young in year but season a rocki hard by the frontier. two year the older , del had less than six month left to serv with the cavalri , after which he would come to the wagonwheel to go partner on the stock ranch there . 
 mr. olsen , reach at his connecticut home last night , declin to comment. but it 's possibl , offici said , that nobodi would be name to serv out the wallich term becaus there would be littl time left onc the nomine had pass secur clearanc and senat confirm . 
 he succeed carl l. randolph , 64 , who is retir after 17 year in the position. mr. randolph will continu to serv as vice chairman . 
 the reason for the retir , which is effect jan. 9 , was n't given. mr. probst will continu to serv as special consult to unisi , the compani said . 
 while we can not at this time point to ani realli victori gain at this time , yet due to the sever pressur appli , no doubt , there appear some evid hope that the societi is undergo chang and improv , albeit with reluct . for instanc , there present are five blind person with possibl a sixth come up serv on their govern board , although none select by the `` organ blind . `` 
 most academi men saw action in the pacif where the unit state fought single-hand except for slight help from australia and the dutch . offic in the european theater serv at the invas of africa , itali and franc or were assign to escort duti on the atlant convoy . 
 guy f. atkinson co. said it walsh construct co. unit receiv a contract valu at about $ 80 million to serv as general contractor for construct of the symphoni tower offic complex in san diego . 
 they like his wit , charm , common sens and honesti ; he was shrewd but not canni , ambiti but not ruthless . in the past he had serv sever year in the illinoi legislatur and also went to washington for one term as a congressman . 
 mr. kuhn , who was presid and chief execut from 1967 to 1974 , and was name chairman in 1974 , had retir last may but remain a director. he will also serv as chairman and chief execut of the three oper subsidiari and a servic subsidiari -- jersey central power & light co. , metropolitan edison co. and pennsylvania electr co. , and gpu servic corp. -- and will be chairman of gpu nuclear corp . 
 the typic respons is for the director themselv to resign on innocu ground that will not embarrass either the compani or it president. none of this should be surpris if one accept mace 's explan of how and whi director are chosen , and whi they agre to serv . 
 retir industri employe and lawyer who have occasion repres brokerag firm would be transfer to the industri roster within three years. spous of industri employe would no longer be abl to serv as public arbitr . 
 she design entir home for women with heart troubl and other disabl , show them how they could keep hous in a wheelchair , peel a potato with one hand , make a bed on crutch . she was a person friend of mr. and mrs. herbert hoover , and when hoover becam presid she serv as a member of the organ on unemploy relief . 
 dr. arthur w. galston , professor of biolog at yale univers , recent had a two-hour interview with china 's premier chou en-lai . dure the cours of the interview dr. galston said that he had notic that there appar were still few women serv on govern committe . 
 befor assum his fed post last year , he was a senior vice presid at bank of america and taught intern financi manag at the univers of california at berkeley. he has also serv as chief of the financi studi divis of the intern monetari fund and is credit with an extens knowledg of intern econom issues. . . . 
 the convent unanim select jefferson davi of mississippi as provision presid and a georgian , alexand stephen , as vice-presid . davi , a west pointer , had serv in the regular armi and was a hero of the mexican war . he was also a brilliant orat and an aristocrat intellectu who had serv his nativ state in congress ( 1846-47 ) and the senat ( 1857-61 ) . 
 a regular elect was schedul for novemb , 1861. at that time , the voter would cast ballot for a perman govern senat , congressmen and also a presid and vice-presid to serv a six year term . 
 he leav for the hagu tomorrow. commission charl cox will serv as act chairman until mr. ruder is confirm . 
 in some neighbor island school , older elementari student take turn help keep the lower grade and kindergarten room clean. sixth-grad boy and girl serv as junior polic offic . 
 if the brightest stone lie in the deepest mine should i not dig so far ? where a man might be dispos to lead a regiment might he not also be content to serv in an armi ? 
 confid is a good medicin . back in colleg i earn room and board for a coupl of year serv as janitor in a home for old women . 
 `` it establish this institut '' as the largest in the south , and as it work it way out of the texa recess , `` we ll be abl to expand into other part of the countri , '' he added. mr. fronterhous will serv as presid and chief execut offic of the new bank firm , to be name first republicbank corp. robert h. stewart iii , interfirst 's chairman and chief execut offic , will serv as chairman . 
 they board the sled and glide eastward in silenc , past the moos jim had slain , and onward without stopping. the london sled led the way ; colin had join the new yorker parti to serv as guid in case they becam separ from the other . 
 odd is n't it ? i use to serv in a battleship . 
 after brewster 's death , when it was a question of name his successor as rule elder , the chice lay between southworth and thoma cushman , who had also grown up in the bradford household , and the old governor virtual made the choic himself by direct his stepson toward the magistraci . southworth 's younger brother , constant , prenc 's brother-in-law through marriag to anoth of the collier , also serv frequent as an assist governor in later year . 
 i want to say at this time that it has given me a lot of experi . as treasur of the minnesota organ of blind i have serv the total sum of 14 year and 4 month . 
 station in citi border the reserv often employ navajo announc to reach the estim 65,000 member of the tribe who understand littl or no english . one such announc , raymond nakai , becam tribal chairman and serv two term befor be defeat by macdonald . 
 feder spend on educ , for exampl , has increas fivefold in the past decad . when elliot richardson serv in hew as an assist secretari dure the eisenhow year , the depart administ 100 program with 60,000 employe and a budget of $ 15 billion . 
 despit denial , washington 's plan for polic the mideast cease-fir call for a joint american-soviet monitor effort probabl dure the crucial stage begin at the end of the 90-day truce ( in novemb ) . u.s. offici do n't even exclud the possibl of u.s. and soviet personnel serv side by side on a truce team dure this sensit period . 
 wayn s. smith was present at the dawn of the cuban revolut in 1959 , as a young member of the staff of the u.s. embassi in havana. from 1979 to 1982 , he serv as head of the u.s. interest section in cuba , the equival of ambassador in all but titl . 
 for the year , net fell 57 % to $ 6.4 million , or 42 cent a share. mr. kucha , 46 , an attorney and a director of the compani , had serv as chief execut of iomega in 1982 and 1983 , when he spearhead a reorgan . 
 member of the un famili not onli contribut thousand of ton of food for distribut through the fao each year , but also provid fund that enabl this world-wid organ to send skill technic expert to work in underdevelop countries. these expert serv in the countri request their help in much the same manner as the technician provid by our own agenc for intern develop and the peac corp . 
 the propos for a stand european secur commiss is contain in toward the reconcili of europ : new approach for the u.s. , the u. n. , and nato , a report of a nation polici panel establish by the unit nation associ of the unit state of america , releas on februari 2 , 1969 . chairman of the panel was theodor c. sorensen ; henri a. kissing serv as a member of the panel until his select by presid nixon as his special assist for nation secur affair . 
 in the memo , col. north also express suspicion that either `` schwimmer pocket '' some moni on the same transact , or `` there was a kickback '' to iranian officials. meanwhil , attorney familiar with the iran-contra crimin investig said that the independ counsel 's offic has ask for tax return of col. north and a close associ , richard secord , a retir air forc major general who serv as col. north 's right-hand man in both the iran and contra oper . 
 a nativ of elgin , illinoi , mr. nitz receiv his bachelor of fine art degre from bradley univers , peoria , illinoi , and his master of fine art from the univers of illinoi . he serv as art director of the turk head review magazin for which he also wrote some articl and collabor on other . 
 some bank observ express surpris that some member of the board , which now face sever holder lawsuit , were unawar of mellon 's loan-loss problems. `` if there are go to be loss , that should show up in the month financi review , '' said jerri mcafe , former chairman of gulf oil co. , who serv on mellon 's board between 1977 and 1981 and then on mellon 's advisori board between 1981 and 1984 . 
 if the new draft draw critic , it wo n't be anyth new to the commission. begin with a flap over who should serv on the commiss that delay it start for a year , run through critic of the septemb draft , and continu with the uproar over the death penalti , the panel has been continu tangl in controversi . 
 mr. siehl could n't be reach for comment. lewi t. lipton , 47 , who assum the duti of presid and chief oper offic last month , will serv addit as act chief execut offic , corvus said . 
 this organ , financ by the institut , would employ and itself pay , perhap $ 100,000 a year each a number of high compet profession directors. each would serv on sever board , repres all institut and their sharehold . 
 ill had drawn and sour the face , quicken the temper , and laid a mask of irasc over innat kind . a veteran of the sea , prebl had serv with distinct aboard a privat and ship of the massachusett navi dure the revolutionari war . 
 stanley tulchin , chairman of repris capit , was name chairman of the portrait photographi concern , succeed clinton l. byrn , who resign in june , the compani said. pca also said john grosso , former presid and chief execut offic of nimslo intern ltd. , was name presid and chief execut offic , succeed ronald a. norrelli , a manag consult who had been serv as interim presid sinc mr. byrn and two other top pca offic resign in june . 
 walter adolph robert , born in 1886 in kingston , jamaica , has spent most of his life in the unit state where he has been activ as a poet , journalist , novelist , and biograph . dure world war i he was war correspond for the brooklyn eagl and he serv as editor of ainsle 's magazin and associ editor of hearst 's intern magazin . 
 `` this was in the day just befor huntley depart the huntley-brinkley report , thus end the most famous team in the histori of news broadcasting. it had start in 1956 , when nbc had assign huntley and brinkley to serv as anchormen for the nation polit convent . 
 orion capit corp. name robert b. sanborn , 58 year old , presid and chief oper offic of the insur hold company. mr. sanborn was former presid and chief execut offic of new hampshir insur co. , a unit of american intern group inc. , an insur hold compani , and serv as an execut vice presid and director of aig. mr. sanborn succeed edward j. hobb , 55 , who resign becaus of ill but continu as senior execut consult to the compani and as a director . 
 i plan to go back to georgia to enjoy the birth of a new grandchild in august and general to have time to spend with my wife , famili and friends. '' mr. henkel , a 58-year-old atlanta tax attorney and real estat develop , was appoint to the three-memb bank board nov. 7 after the senat adjourn without act on his nomin , and serv await confirm . 
 the judg order the prosecutor to determin whether mr. deaver , after leav the white hous , `` aid and assist canadian offici '' or `` act as a repres '' for the canadian govern dure a meet about the problem of acid rain with drew lewi , who was then presid reagan 's special envoy on the issue. while he serv at the white hous , mr. deaver `` made recommend , gave advic and otherwis particip substanti '' in high-level deliber concern whether the u.s. should heed canadian request to take action to control acid rain , accord to a report submit to the court by the justic depart . 
 there is a strong consensus among scholar as to the merit of past justices. in 1970 , 65 expert on the suprem court were ask to evalu the perform of the 96 justic who had serv on the court from 1789 to 1969. of the 12 classifi as great , eight were appoint and serv dure the 20th centuri : oliv wendel holm , charl evan hugh , loui brandei , harlan fisk stone , benjamin cardozo , hugo black , felix frankfurt and earl warren . 
 he subsequ was name senior vice president-plan and financ , and then senior vice presid of the paperboard and packag segment. from 1974 to 1977 , he serv as deputi director of the feder offic of manag and budget . 
 `` as soon as he saw that i had a part in the case and was recommend it ? i ve also heard that he 's piqu about be drag in to serv on the committe . 
 timur die in 1404 , soon after the departur of the ambassador . his son shah rukh , who succeed him , move the capit to herat in khorasan , where he had been serv as governor . 
 there are probabl a few quaker in the conserv john birch societi , as well as the liber american for democrat action . though the friend are often in the news for opposit to war , mani individu quaker have serv in the arm forc . 
 mr. white , a 43-year-old econom professor on leav from new york univers 's busi school , is expect to win confirm easily. a democrat , mr. white previous has serv in both the carter and reagan administr . 
 jame pastoriza , presid of pastoriza electron until it was acquir by analog devic in 1969 , has join memodyn corp. , newton upper fall , mass. , as presid . pastoriza had been serv as vp , new product develop , and board member of analog . 
 dure the next ten year he grew familiar with the loot-pil quay of tortuga and the smoke of burn spanish town . have no money or skill in the art of navig , he serv in the crew aboard the buccan ship . 
 after the even battl , the north and south both use the name monitor to design a new type of warship . wooden frigat were still in use , but young men go into either navi serv in the strang experiment vessel . 
 mr. balog , son of a pennsylvania immigr coal miner , work as a chemist and a budget offici at merck & co. befor come to wall street in 1961 as a secur analyst and portfolio manager. in 1969 , he join the research firm of william d. witter inc. and serv as it chairman . 
 von molitor 's greet was as genial as his appear : `` it 's a pleasur to meet somebodi from the navi for a change. i know you serv in the u-boat forc . 
 `` you know lieuten maclellan ? he will serv as my `` friend '' befor the court . 
 mckean 's offer to step down from the post of chairman of the board of governor fall short of the mark , '' rep. ford said yesterday. `` certain , if he 's not fit to serv as chairman , he 's not fit to serv as a member of the board . 
 seek to cut it loss , it sold the coloni to the citi of amsterdam , retain the land on both side of the fort . the burgomast of amsterdam renam the fort new amstel and inveigl william beekman , of new amsterdam , into serv as governor . 
 in the stori , boast is impermiss , but the young american admit that sometim `` after the cocktail hour '' he would imagin himself a war hero onli to recogn that he was incap of brave deed becaus he was veri afraid to die. it is an astonish stori to have been written by a young american who serv in itali in world war i and -- both befor and after the cocktail hour -- boast , exagger and told huge lie about his exploit and his wound . 
 the writer serv as special assist to the chairman of the american bar associ commiss on profession . 
 a nativ of brooklyn , cafiero came to chrysler in 1953 when the compani acquir the auto-bodi busi of his employ , brigg manufactur . befor that , he had graduat from dartmouth colleg , spent a year in the postwar navi , and serv in various engin capac with ford motor . 
 a princeton-train mathematician , he direct a larg staff that includ about 450 ph.d. 's at yorktown height , new york . at headquart in armonk , a chief scientist serv on the corpor staff . that post has been held by dr. emanuel r. pior , sixty-thre , a note physicist who retir recent but who still serv in an advisori capac . 
 militari servic was set at twelv month but was extend to eighteen month in 1962 . at the end of 1966 the bundeswehr had reach a strength of some 460,000 men , of whom 98,000 serv in the air forc and 33,000 in the navi . 
 imagin you are with a group of student visit a lighthous . a scientist is serv as your group 's guid . 
 the empi famili 's connect to unit oklahoma stretch back three generat , and famili member at one point held 15 % of the bank 's stock. dure his tenur at unit oklahoma , the younger mr. empi , a blunt-spoken banker , serv as presid of the oklahoma banker associ , the state 's lead trade group . 
 but those familiar with the exchang say two candid who have been vy for the posit are william b. bradt , an independ floor trader , and stanley r. meierfeld , merc vice chairman. both men serv on the merc board of director . 
 messag left at the nation bank of sussex counti , of which he is presid , were n't returned. mr. rough , who is in his late 40s , alleg leak the inform while he serv as a new york feder reserv bank director from januari 1982 through decemb 1984 . 
 in 1910 burton wheeler was elect to the state hous of repres . he becam unit state district attorney for montana in 1913 , serv until 1918 . 
 `` those committe appoint have been run six month . `` `` so gordon will be serv until octob , `` said laden . 
 shearson confirm that thoma i. unterberg , the 56-year-old former chairman of l.f. rothschild , will head the group , and a. robert towbin , 50 , rothschild 's former vice chairman , will be co-head. mr. unterberg will also serv on the invest bank polici committe of shearson , which is a unit of american express co . 
 on both side , polit was a way of life . his father , joseph p. kennedi , was activ in polit and had serv as ambassador to britain . 
 as previous report , three execut depart dure the intern investig befor mr. long : joseph e. martino , vice presid , sale , of the compani 's beer unit ; john c. lodg , manag of nation sale promot event ; and michael a. orloff , vice presid of the beer unit 's wholesal oper division. mr. martino serv a stint as execut assist to mr. long and was seen by insid as his heir appar . 
 from the time of his graduat from west point , davi had fanci himself as a militari leader . like abraham lincoln , he had serv in the frontier skirmish known as the black hawk war , but , unlik lincoln , he had never been inclin to ridicul the role he play in that unhero episod . 
 the sex inform and educ council of the u.s. ( siecus ) is a voluntari nonprofit organ dedic to the establish and exchang of inform and educ about human sexual attitud and behavior , as set forth in the siecus statement of purpos : `` to establish man 's sexual as a health entiti : to identifi the special characterist that distinguish it from , yet relat it to , human reproduct ; to dignifi it by open of approach , studi , and scientif research design to lead toward it understand and it freedom from exploit ; to give leadership to profession and to societi , to the end that human be may be aid toward respons use of the sexual faculti and toward assimil of sex into their individu life pattern as a creativ and re-creat force. `` the siecus board of director is compris of fifti men and women who serv voluntarili for three year , but whose term may be extend by a second three year or by elect to offic . 
 mr. iosu 's suggest norm of a 12-hour teach load would preclud virtual all faculti research , impair the work of conscienti teacher , and lead to further reduct in the suppli of qualifi professor in mani fields. perhap he forget that professor must also advis student , serv on committe , interact with alumni and employ , and attend institut function . 
 we want textbook written by afro-american that are accept to us to be use in these schools. the organ of afro-american uniti will select and recommend peopl to serv on local school board where school polici is made and pass on to the board of educ . 
 we could distinct hear the sound of cri , shout and gunfir . `` jane had serv in the w. r. n. s . 
 but the firm had it dissent to this polici , and among them was don regan . in 1950 , then thirty-on year old and serv as bob magowan 's assist , regan wrote a memo strong urg that merril lynch should begin to sell mutual fund . 
 abdul broke into a grin despit himself. not onli would the sahib see buzkashi now , but he , abdul , would get a chanc to serv again as our chief interpret and not have to share the limelight with tawab . 
 if they re so reckless , whi do n't they get marri ? general featur corp. a washington bureaucrat who has serv under sever administr and has gone through mani investig move into a new home . 
 the next year he had to capitul , and in good time the name of thoma howland and prenc howland were inscrib on the baptism roll of the church . 3 but the strongest resist came from scituat , articul by assist governor jame cudworth and timothi hather . the latter had serv on the general court almost continu for more than twenti year . 
 wherev jazz is heard , it speak to peopl in a univers languag , instant and joyous understood. american jazzmen serv as invalu ambassador of good will . 
 bloc ballot and vote to win combin to put a polit label on the minor . the irish vote , the polish vote , the jewish vote becam visibl in the presenc of men serv in public offic . 
 the oregon case could go either way. the contest hay vote there had been cast by an elector who had forgotten to disclos that he was a postmast , henc a feder employe , henc inelig to serv . 
 true , the top nation secur advis should be a civilian , sinc our nation 's commit to civilian control over the militari is absolute. but there is no moral dilemma in have offic serv on the nsc staff . 
 he join the communist parti in 1944 and is said to have supervis the construct of the siberian branch of the soviet academi of scienc , home of the econom avatar of perestroika , tatyana zaslavskaya and abel aganbegyan. from 1965 until 1983 , mr. ligachev serv as first secretari of the region communist parti in tomsk , a grim siberian citi almost direct north of mongolia . 
 mr. barron also held the post of chief execut offic , which was n't filled. mr. kane , who has serv as a director of citadel and fidel sinc late 1985 , said he wo n't resign immedi as a partner in the san diego law firm of haskin , nugent , newnham , kane & zvetina . 
 and the iron work ? to hell with the iron work ! he might have said , but even more rich , for there was no one who serv under him who did not attest to his fine command of languag . 
 mr. hamilton , with his gray crew cut and flat-ton voic , is a minist 's son from a midwest river port city. although instinct measur in their polit , both men have taken on some of the charact of the hous in which they serv . 
 he work his way up through various bureaus that set industri and trade policies. but mr. watanab , who has known mr. kuroda for 18 year sinc they serv togeth in geneva , reject charg that mr. kuroda is anti-american . 
 re your commend may 12 stori , `` nonprofit group ' push for profit rile mani small-busi owner '' : as a small-busi owner who has serv on the board of sever nonprofit group and as a consult to both busi firm and nonprofit group , i am familiar with the competit among such organ as well as with govern agenc . 
 but that night i went to bed more convinc than ever that this danger colleg , this time bomb lodg near the heart of the nation , must be abolish . ani apprehens i might have had about the proprieti of my serv as presid of the elector colleg were dissip the next morn by an extraordinari convers i had with one of the deleg . 
 as report previous , the three execut who abrupt left anheuser-busch dure the intern investig are joseph e. martino , vice presid , sale , of the compani 's beer unit ; john c. lodg , manag of nation sale promot event ; and michael a. orloff , vice presid of the beer unit 's wholesal oper division. mr. martino serv a stint as execut assist to mr. long and was seen by insid as mr. long 's heir appar . 
 indian elsewher in the coloni were herd into plymouth and isol on clark 's island in the harbor . in spite of all this the cape tribe prove to be faith and veri use alli , serv both as scout and on the fire line . 
 airga said he decid to resign both post earlier to pursu `` person interest '' and to begin work on special assign involv acquisit and foreign sale for the company. peter mccausland , airga 's 37-year-old presid , whom mr. perkin last year design as his successor , will serv as act chairman and chief execut . 
 upon graduat in june 1843 , the best rider at west point request a commiss in the cavalri , but as there was no vacanc in that arm , he report for duti with the 4th infantri . he serv two year in missouri and louisiana , and in septemb 1845 join general taylor 's small but effici armi at corpus christi , tex . 
 the point is , they should not have been place in such a posit ; it is not good for the militari establish and it is not good for the nation. even though it might well depriv the nation of the servic of abl and devot men , such offic should resign their commiss or not serv on the nsc , an inher polit posit . 
 he succeed georg j. elli , 65 , as chief executive. mr. elli will continu to serv as a director and vice chairman of the bank hold compani . 
 hong kong 's chief secretari will serv as act governor of the british coloni until a successor is name for sir edward youd . 
 mr. duncan , 53 year old , current is presid of singer co. 's motor product division. he serv as presid and chief oper offic of murray ohio from januari 1981 to januari 1982 . 
 bankruptci judg complain that it is n't near as prestigi as other feder judgeships. unlik their district- and appeals-court brethren , who serv for life , bankruptci judg serv 14-year term . 
 her husband went to war . nobodi could keep that man from serv under general washington . 
 it is also prais for a respect 20 % return on equiti and a long string of profit increas , fail to increas earn onli in 1984 , when market activ was particular sluggish , sourc said. in one import benchmark of a wall street firm 's invest bank muscl , the number of corpor underwrit on which it serv as lead manag , the firm rank 10th this year , with 2 % of the market , accord to idd inform servic inc. first-rank salomon brother has a 14.7 % market share for the year , as of tuesday , idd said . 
 continent contend that it worst servic problem are behind it , say that sinc februari , it process 25,000 refund request associ with earlier peopl express service. the compani ad 10 special assist to the presid to serv as custom ombudsmen in it major market and increas the number of it consum relat depart employe to 150 from 57 . 
 more than 50,000 conscript are enrol everi year. further , everi able-bodi citizen between the age of 16 and 65 is liabl to serv in civil defenc , and voluntari defenc organis have about one million member , of whom 350,000 are women . 
 mr. mann , 57 year old , will fill a vacanc creat by the april departur of charl e. rickershaus jr. sinc that time , pse vice chairman dougla j. engmann has serv as act chief execut and chairman of the exchang 's board of governor . 
 one-third of the expans has come through acquisit and the rest by intern growth . ( anoth compani , bunker-ramo corp. , which trw and ramo form in 1964 with martin marietta corp. , now has sale of $ 255 million a year . to form the compani , a trw divis was fold into bunker-ramo , and for a while ramo serv as part-tim presid of the new busi . 
 rudolph a. nunez . the citat read in part : `` on 13 june 1966 sergeant nunez serv as point man for a five-man long-rang reconnaiss patrol approxim 50 mile north of saigon . 
 mr. kirkorian , 41 , also was name to the new post of chief oper officer. he former serv as presid , market and distribut divis , contel busi system , a unit of contel corp. , a telecommun compani base in atlanta . 
 mr. meng serv as special assist to the presid for national-secur affair from 1983 to june 1986 . 
 when the pilgrim offer to suppli these on credit , the bay leader thank them but still oppos the project , at length frank say that they `` had no mind to it , `` fear a violent reaction on the part of the pequot , 3,000 or 4,000 strong . veri well then , said winslow , who was serv his first term as governor of plymouth , did they have ani object to plymouth go ahead alon ? 
 for these reason , at least , we do n't think the u.s. got the best possibl bargain on behalf of the peopl of poland when last week it restor most-favored-n tariff status and reopen the way for more feder guarante credits. richard t. davi , a retir career foreign-servic offic who serv as the u.s. ambassador to poland from 1974 to 1978 , say the u.s. should have pressur warsaw to enact econom reform as a quid pro quo for drop sanction . 
 the newli expand board consist of 10 member of the ferruzzi agro-industri group -- which earlier this year lift it stake in montedison to 39 % -- and an equal number of director consid loyal to montedison 's chairman , mario schimberni. the member of the ferruzzi group on the new board includ raul gardini , who serv as montedison vice chairman . 
 martin r. pollner , corpor counsel for wedtech , said , `` it is clear that the alleg are limit to past conduct of certain former offic and director rather than the corpor itself , it new manag team or wedtech 's present operation. '' in washington , meanwhil , attorney general edwin mees testifi on capitol hill yesterday about his knowledg of wedtech 's effort to win feder contract in 1982 , when mr. mees serv as counselor to the presid . 
 last novemb , mr. parn , 45 , resign as chief executive. mbi said he will remain a director and serv as a consult to the compani . 
 much of an ethicist 's work is reassurance. `` frequent , the doctor has pretti much alreadi made his decis and , by and larg , made it right , '' say bernard gert , a dartmouth philosophi professor who has long taught and written about ethic with dr. culver and serv on the advisori committe . 
 `` as a matter of principl , i will not run on a deficit. '' mr. rumsfeld , 54 year old , left govern after serv as white hous chief of staff and then defens secretari in the ford administr . 
 she made speech , wrote articl and book , and help found mani organ . she was call on to settl labor disput and serv on chicago 's board of educ for sever year . 
 it was now time to swear in the substitut deleg and there was still no greenfield. i held a whisper consult as to what we should do , becaus no substitut elector is elig to serv unless he has written author from the governor attest to his credentials. in the back of the room i saw the round and beam face of sam frank of allentown , and i whisper , `` i 'm sure sam will serv if we need him . '' 
 by obedi , industri and scholarship , he rose swift in soviet intellig . from 1951 to 1956 he serv as an agent in the unit state while masquerad as a unit nation employ . 
 when he need to , he could be slipperi as ani eel . he had serv as person secretari to each of the two edwardian protector , but as each was decapit , this sli man somehow manag to save himself . 
 she was alexandrina de kroll , seventeen-year-old daughter of a nobl russian famili and the possessor of a modest fortun . the great author alexandr duma serv as best man at the wed and tsar alexand ii bless the bride and gave her a diamond ring . 
 grant , one of the finest horsemen to come out of west point , had a way with beast as well as men . there was someth in his voic that attract and calm the anim he love so well , while the men who serv under him remark upon the clariti of his command . 
 although a shift toward islam fundament would n't necessarili mean violenc , the govern worri that the small core of moslem extremist , who advoc violenc to chang the govern , would spawn new leaders. given the size of egypt 's armi -- about 450,000 men -- and it system of conscript that call everi egyptian male to serv in the armi or secur polic , it is n't surpris that soldier with extremist tendenc would appear . 
 daisi is a former highflier on the stock market that has had earn pummel by intens competit in computer-aid engin workstat , it chief product. investor confid was further erod last year by an exodus of top execut , cap by the abrupt resign of aryeh finegold , the compani 's co-found who had serv as it presid and chief execut . 
 `` i need to be in the busi world. '' and he has quick jump back in , consult for a compani near his valhalla , n.y. , home and serv as u.s. repres for a korean manufactur . 
 he use everi trick in argument and procedur in addit to his great skill as an orat . infrequ he appear as prosecutor for the state , onc serv under protest for a short time as attorney for fayett counti , but by prefer he usual act for the defens . 
 `` sgt . frank r. luchart ( bever , mass. ) while serv in the dental corp in vietnam , i was summon to the dental clinic veri late one sunday night . 
 the bus load of excit student left the campus about eight o'clock on this pleasant thursday morn . they were met at their destin by colleg student who serv as guid for the day . 
 the man appear to be alert and intellig , not one of `` the scum of europ `` as the member of parliament had onc term the compani 's militari forc . `` sergeant , how long have you serv in this area ? `` 
 fay 's drug co. said daniel a. herrmann resign as presid , and peter e. rhode as execut vice presid , to pursu their respect `` busi and person interests. '' the discount drugstor chain said henri a. panasci , chairman and chief execut offic , also would serv as presid until a successor to mr. herrmann is name . 
 it also assert that mr. walsh 's investig do n't have the power to unilater `` determin whether a particular prosecut will damag this nation 's foreign affairs. '' the suit also contend that all of the investig appoint by mr. walsh are serv without author , and it seek an injunct block all further investig by the independ counsel . 
 he was alway tri to be the first one . `` daniel e. zeigler of santa barbara , california , serv with calley 's platoon until he , zeigler , was serious injur in a mine accid in mid-februari . 
 robert owen , a conserv activist who serv as a liaison between lt. col. oliv north and the nicaraguan contra , was paid dure most of 1985 by the nicaraguan democrat forc , the domin contra group . 
 base on greas monkey 's 31 million share outstand , the compani has an indic market valu of $ 27.1 million. greas monkey said it hire ladenburg , thalmann & co. , invest banker , to serv as it financi advis . 
 the assembl , howev , elect him to the governor 's council in 1778 and in 1780 made him a deleg to the continent congress . madison took his seat in congress mar. 20 , 1780 , and serv until decemb 1783 . 
 in their book the polit of nation parti convent , author paul t. david , ralph m. goldman and richard c. bain , describ the attitud at philadelphia this way : the basic premis wide held among the found father , themselv most bred in an aristocrat tradit , was that there exist a `` natur aristocraci '' of men imbu with such qualiti as virtu , talent , wealth , distinguish descent , learn , and even physic strength. the problem was to devis a method for select `` the best '' from among this natur aristocraci to serv as chief execut of the unit state . 
 a major question is whether these moni were be surreptiti use to benefit col. north , who was overse the covert arm sales. ms. napier , who has had a longer associ with gen. secord than ms. corbin , often serv as a courier between col. north and the privat network . 
 mrs. mclaughlin , 46 year old , would succeed william brock , who left the administr in novemb to run the presidenti campaign of robert dole ( r. , kan. ) . she would be the second woman to serv as labor secretari ; franc perkin , who held that job in presid franklin roosevelt 's cabinet for 12 year , was the first . 
 he former was associ with ampex corp. and sandia corp. he hold a bs degre in electr engin from the univ . of notr dame , and has done graduat work in busi administr at the univ . of new mexico . he is current serv as treasur of the acm , and is a member of the institut of manag scienc . ) 42-45 . 
 `` what did he say ? `` said rumfoord. lili had to serv as an interpret . 
 north was describ as involv extens in aid the contras. a former state depart consult , in testimoni befor the congression panel investig the iran-contra affair , said he serv as a frequent `` courier '' between the former white hous aid and the main nicaraguan rebel group . 
 that 's the way you got to do it . `` nobodi in the unit , howev , admir medina as much as william l. calley , jr. , then a twenty-four-year-old second lieuten from miami who was serv as a platoon leader . 
 the stake includ 34,500 share purchas from nov. 20 through jan. 27 at price of $ 16.88 to $ 18.25 a share. the group , which said in a previous sec file that it want a seat on the medalist board , disclos in it most recent file that medalist manag has `` inform indic '' that dr. katz will be nomin to serv on the board at the next annual meet of the mequon , wis.-bas athlet , industri and leisur product concern . 
 mr. hall was presid of southern railway when it merg with norfolk & western railway in 1982. he becam vice chairman earlier this year after serv as norfolk southern presid and chief oper offic . 
 but if he had known about the connect earlier , mr. walsh acknowledg , `` i would have disclos it to the fbi '' dure the agenc 's background investig of him. a spokeswoman for mr. walsh said he continu to serv as counsel to crow & dunlevi , which mean he is n't a partner in the firm and doe n't share in it profit . 
 some , like roy wood , did n't even know the extent of the massacr until the next day . other , like charl sledg , who serv that day as calley 's radioman , saw more than they want to rememb . 
 most of the peopl i had written about were small time grifter , con men , hustler , assort thiev , and unlucki hors player . one of my constant reader had been an occasion thief who had onc stolen some jewelri from one of myron green 's client and then had offer to sell it all back provid that i serv as the go-between . 
 everi individu mention in the book was a real person. the two command under whom i was privileg to serv are call by their actual name . 
 from 1980 to 1985 , he was vice chairman of the democrat nation committee. dure that time , he led voter registr drive and serv as the rev. jess jackson 's nation campaign chairman in his bid for the presid . 
 dick contribut a well-stock score of twenti number . in addit , he serv as the conductor , hold a baton in his hand for the first time in his life . 
 at a simpl white hous ceremoni on march 9 , 1864 , lincoln promot grant to lieuten general , the third american soldier to reach that rank georg washington and winfield scott were the others. three day later , the presid made him general-in-chief of all the union armi , supplant halleck who continu to serv as grant 's chief-of-staff . 
 dr. gwinup receiv his medic degre from the univers of colorado school of medicin in 1956 . he serv his internship and resid at the univers of michigan where he subsequ undertook advanc train in the specialti of endocrinolog and metabol . 
 one of franklin d. roosevelt 's first act of economi was to pull wound and injur soldier out of the veteran ' hospit via the notori economi act , which result in mani suicid and much unfavor reaction. huey long had sought the governorship twice , and if he had been elect the first time he would have been too young to serv . 
 in island school , boy and girl , from third grade on , share in keep their classroom and school build clean. everi week , student in each classroom are schedul to serv as monitor on a rotat basi so that all take turn . 
 judg robert bork is the most qualifi american aliv to serv on the suprem court . 
 last month , mr. henkel did n't particip in the bank board 's approv of a rule restrict the amount of equiti invest that thrift may make. mr. henkel was appoint to the bank board nov. 7 , after the senat adjourn without act on his nomin , and he serv while await confirm . 
 `` leav ' em alon , `` he faceti advis his subordinates. `` they serv as a veri good provost guard , prevent straggl and desert in this man 's armi . '' 
 he was an import social figur ; he entertain celebr , politician and theatric star . his wife serv on the board of sever chariti and his daughter attend the best cathol school . 
 i write not as an author of book ; i write as one who has been deepli concern about the govern of this nation and of all nation . in 1960 i serv as a counti chairman for senat john f. kennedi and campaign for him across the countri . 
 over christma , peer and a few staff member flew to south vietnam , and the general made a tour of my lai 4 and also interview a number of vietnames offic and survivor about the massacr . he was accompani dure his ground observ by sergeant nguyen dinh phu , who had serv as an interpret for captain medina 's compani on march 16 . 
 after his humili in the cockpit , he was strip of his job as deputi postmast general. but he continu to serv as agent for four coloni , and when the newli form continent congress drew up a petit list america 's grievanc , franklin was ask to submit it to parliament . 
 it outlin the curv of her slender bodi in a way that distinguish her from ani russian woman tuomi had ever seen . this was fainna solasko , daughter of a russian woman who for year had serv in the unit state as a courtesan to kgb offic and visit soviet offici . 
 dure sever decad as a theater owner negoti term with studio to show their movi , mr. redston has gain a reput as an iron-wil deal maker. a graduat of harvard law school , where he still teach an entertain law cours , mr. redston help crack japanes signal code dure world war ii and later serv as a special assist to the u.s. attorney general . 
 hamid r. momayez-zadeh succeed the 64-year-old mr. sach as presid of the compani , which manufactur and distribut solar water heater and distillers. mr. momayez-zadeh , 31 , who was vice presid of financ , also will serv as treasur and continu as a director , equinox said . 
 steven robert , assist to feder reserv board chairman paul volcker , is leav the fed to becom a partner in peat marwick , mitchel & co. , the account and consult firm. mr. robert , 42 year old , serv as mr. volcker 's liaison to both the bank industri and congress . 
 attach to the card were color photograph of dismemb viet cong soldier stack in a neat pile . a militari physician who serv with patton said , `` in my experi , patton was neither the best nor the worst of the militari there . 
 `` i 'm the liber who can be trust , '' mr. mavroul said. mr. bennett , who has serv in congress for three dozen year , is base his claim to the chairmanship larg on senior , the veri principl fractur when mr. aspin ascend to the chairmanship in 1985 . 
 swiss and u.s. offici have said that one of the account they are investig was set up under the name of lake resourc inc. , a u.s. company. feder and congression investig are tri to determin whether mr. secord or other suspect of serv as middlemen in some of the covert u.s. arm shipment to iran may have defraud the govern or profit illeg from the transact . 
 what tragedi it is that they continu to be exploit by politician , ideologu , opportunist and the media. nonetheless , each man and woman who serv there and surviv has left irretriev someth of himself or herself togeth with the bodi of those comrad who lie in the soil of that betray and stricken land . 
 mr. empi said he sought to meet with the newli elect governor , `` but he is in a veri determin hurri to accomplish my removal. '' befor be appoint the state 's top bank regul , mr. empi serv as presid of unit oklahoma for 16 year , follow in the footstep of his father , who was also presid of the bank . 
 it 's not a practic that i would recommend. '' a former dravo execut who still serv as a consult to the compani , lloyd w. `` pat '' donnelli , had succeed mr. kelli and oversaw dravo 's waste-to-energi project contract . 
 what is remark , though , is that even some peopl he has toss out of their job speak high of him . fuqua spent nine year in polit start in 1957 , serv in the georgia legislatur and as chairman of the state 's democrat organ ; he remain a generous contributor to the democrat parti . 
 immedi her toe start jerk and the typewrit click , write messag after messag . she carri on a correspond , she said , serv on a committe of a magazin for the handicap . 
 the trio origin includ jame m. lyke jr. of houston , a member of the new orlean ship famili ; s. marcus greer , a houston banker ; and j. sayl leach , a retir texaco execut . leach die in 1967 , and was replac by paul r. haa , a corpus christi oilman , who now serv as foundat chairman . 
 some knew from the start that their term of duti would be a total waste. nobodi serious thought , for instanc , that a defens lawyer would let juan gonzalez , a prison correct offic , serv on a crimin trial juri . 
 more like is the possibl of a feder appoint , if nixon is reelect . `` there is no doubt , `` say a friend who has serv in washington , `` that they would like to find the right job for dan . `` 
 from his encamp he wrote : `` an offic fit for duti who at this crisi would abandon his post to election for a seat in congress ought to be scalp . `` this statement , wide broadcast , ensur his elect , whereupon he prompt resign his commiss , went to washington , and serv in the hous of repres from 1865 to 1867 . 
 the fbi also has come under attack from some lawmak for alleg fail to investig aggress a pattern of break-in involv group oppos to u.s. polici toward central america. nevertheless , retir adm. bobbi ray inman , who former serv as cia deputi director and head of the nation secur agenc , express both relief and satisfact at mr. webster 's nomin . 
 but then hitler came , and my father believ that not even war would be as bad as the nazi . in the second war he serv in the navi and , as my mother came from casablanca , he had her take me there with her when he went to his ship . 
 solid progress in area such as local autonomi and press freedom would be of immedi benefit to koreans. the u.s. also should continu to prais presid chun for his repeat pledg to step down and thus establish a preced for korean leader to serv their appoint term and leav offic . 
 `` in gabun today the fetish doctor call up the spirit by the sound of his littl bell , interpret to them the request of the live , and return with the revel of their consent or refus . a similar type of medicine-man now serv among the maori of new zealand and the pelew island , for when he goe into a tranc the ghost can speak through him with a low whistl sound . 
 hettleman and sommers. accord to the indict , mr. hettleman serv as legal counsel to merritt and , in that capac , `` know render legal opinion and prepar fals document '' in order to allow messr . 
 a good general . the best you ve ever serv under . 
 this sound improb , as the cremones master had to compli with veri strict guild regul requir that they should keep and teach an apprentic for a minimum of six year , as has alreadi been mention . even the argument that stainer began by copi amati 's design is no evid that he was in itali ; for in innsbruck , where he most like serv his apprenticeship , there was a splendid , princ court . 
 he was an associ with the milwauke law firm of quarl & bradi befor join northwestern 's law faculti in 1961. he serv as dean from 1977 until 1985 , and associ commend his perform as an administr and fund-rais . 
 `` while the armi was prepar it case against him , lieuten calley found himself a lawyer , georg w. latim of salt lake citi . the elder latim was high regard in militari legal circl , have serv for ten year on the militari court of appeal in washington and also on the utah state suprem court . 
 william tri to rule provid in a most democrat manner , with all freemen conven to sit as a court and five selectmen handl everyday affair . over the other town william coddington serv as governor , have jurisdict of the territori east of narragansett bay , but the brand of democraci practic fell far short of the ideal . 
 but that 's the least of it. what make the 37-year-old comedian the man to welcom the throng of 75,000 and to serv as emce for the pre-mass celebratori program has less to do with his size than his statur . 
 personnel. judg berg has induc experienc magistr from other judici divis to serv a term in traffic court , and lure honor law-school graduat into take job as assist prosecutor `` just to see how you like it . '' 
 we do n't know . of cours , we know better and you know better and then afterward , after serv his time as a junior dragon , he then becam a dragon . 
 the nov. 10 manag 's journal by thoma j. neff brought to light a crisi in corpor board room that is essenti invis to the public , yet unequ in potenti threat to the economi : the grow wari of serv on board of director in view of the personal-li exposur involv . 
 at last , he was remov from his post and went back to command the ninth corp , where he belong in the first place . lincoln select joseph hooker to replac him , a tough combat general who had serv as an abl divis command under both mcclellan and burnsid . 
 a respect girl , thunder the newspap , stay at home until someon offer to marri her . if she was unlucki enough to remain a spinster , she would live with her parent or relat the rest of her life , serv as unpaid housekeep or nurs to the younger children . 
 mr. nelson , 41 year old , will assum the chief execut 's duti that have been handl by chairman frank defazio , 62. he also succeed as presid b.j. walker , 67 , who will continu to serv as vice chairman until he retir in februari . 
 in a moment he has the answer : two small whale are run alongsid about a hundr yard off the starboard beam . `` they re sperm , `` the skipper add , for he has turn with an inquir glanc to the bos'n , an old-tim who onc serv a hitch on a whale-catch out of eureka , california . 
 jame wilson had made his compani a major forc in puerto rican real estat befor he turn to the develop of st. charl . and raymond nasher , a partner in flower mound , has been the develop of a string of success real-est ventur and has serv as chairman of the nation commiss on urban develop . 
 a jew on the suprem court has been a tradit sinc the appoint of loui d. brandei in 1916 . theodor roosevelt appoint the first jew to the cabinet and mani have serv sinc . 
 for year the kucchi in afghanistan had enjoy greater status than the farmer for the simpl reason that the terrain of the countri was so rug . they serv as the trader and carrier of cultur , and the farmer were more depend upon them than the kucchi were upon the farmer for their food . 
 for a reason then obscur to me the soviet name me as a satisfactori intermediari between them and the british-american author seek the return of one of these prison , margaret clitheroe. my own govern urg me to serv , an ironi i hope will not be lost if this is to be my epitaph . 
 barrio then select rafael zaldivar and marco aurelio soto to head the govern of el salvador and hondura respect . soto , a sincer liber who had serv as a minist in barrio ' govern , brought long-need reform to hondura and govern well . 
 he would not listen to ani one who belittl either gen . braxton bragg or that brilliant but unpopular jew who serv both as secretari of war and as secretari of state , judah p. benjamin . 
 but unlik his other south african compatriot , he held an extrem import job . he wrote a column , `` watch the world from accra , `` for the ghanaian time , and he sometim serv as an advis and aid to presid nkrumah . 
 the next phase start today round up control natur , give them their choic of two human alternatives. question public offici of everi sort and determin whether or not they were temperament suit to continu to serv under the new order . 
 the white hous probabl wo n't appoint anyon to serv out the term of feder reserv board governor henri wallich , who resign last month . 
 he was proud of his name , proud of his ancestri , but proudest of be a marin . a vietnam veteran , wound twice in action , he had alreadi serv nine year in the marin . 
 and secur consult report brisk business. mr. potter has been ask to serv as an expert wit in about 300 court case over the past 15 year -- half of them in the past four year . 
 repres of the equiti holder , who met with mr. kinnear yesterday , said they are still look for a signific minor role for sharehold on the texaco board. but denni o'dea , counsel for the equiti committe , said that neither he nor mr. norri is interest in serv on the texaco board . 
 the execut , who speak in a soft arkansa drawl , admit he find greater pleasur in shepherd a multimillion-dollar diversifi communic busi and telephon concern than in speechifying. mr. ford serv in the state senat from 1967 to 1982 . 
 about a year befor , the two of them had read about the work of dr. fred a. urquhart of the univers of toronto . aunt jessica had written in for inform and had join a group of amateur who serv as research assist . 
 his annual pay will remain the same at about $ 80,000. navi secretari john lehman said that adm. poindext will serv on the long-rang plan staff of the chief of naval oper . 
 after the communal arrang had been set asid , everyon will help one anoth . women care for the ill , serv as midwiv , and gather clam and mussel . 
 he wrote two book explain the background of the crisi and reveal mau mau method in detail . he serv on a committe to consid way of rehabilit hard-cor mau mau onc they were caught . 
 `` quit the contrari , sir , '' repli sir thoma briskly. `` i had the honor to serv as a midshipman under admir lord howe some year ago in the royal navi . 
 hyatt hotel is an affili of hyatt corp. , of which mr. pritzker is chairman. mr. foley , who current serv as braniff 's vice chairman , also will becom it chief execut offic , the compani said . 
 denham and potter . in a few year they 'd both be depend , hard-work men with famili , or mayb serv somewher oversea in h. m. forc . 
 i am also current presid of an invest club . in school , i serv as treasur of the audubon club and the student council . 
 he is , howev , 33 and slim , with tousel red hair , a pronounc nose , and deep set , serious blue eyes. mstislav rostropovich , music director of the nation symphoni in washington , where mr. wolff serv as associ conductor , call him `` one of the greatest talent of his generat in the unit state . '' 
 mayb now is the time for mr. reagan to elev a younger generat of leader to give his polici a coher , intellectu strength and momentum that would carri well beyond his presidency. mani of these peopl are alreadi serv abli and with distinct in his administr . 
 mr. gray also reimburs the region bank $ 100 for a golf excurs at the eleg greenbrier hotel in white sulphur spring , w. va. mr. gray has been chairman of the bank board sinc 1983 , and has often complain about the high cost of serv in govern , especi sinc his wife and two daughter live in california . 
 announc of the appear on the field of washington 's super-kings player , frank howard : `` here come the washington monument . `` wjz , baltimor caption on new york daili news photo show girl serv as batboy : `` these girl are diamond 's best friend . `` 
 gen. roger also will vacat his job as command in chief of the u.s. european command at the same time. gen. roger has held the two posit for the past eight year , a longer period than ani of his predecessor have serv . 
 by mid-1944 , there were more than 8,000 spar in the coast guard . they serv as storekeep , receptionist , mail clerk , telephon and teletyp oper , chauffeur , radio oper and technician . 
 at that point , texaco 's chief trial counsel , richard miller , secur the assist of a law firm here -- helm , pletcher & hogan. one of the firm 's senior partner , georg pletcher , also was serv on the judg 's campaign committe . 
 texa air corp. move it top labor relat trouble-shoot from it eastern airlin unit back to it continent airlin unit , which he left last fall. john adam , who had been serv as vice presid , human resourc , at eastern , return to continent in the new posit of senior vice presid , human resourc . 
 mr. yarbro also said that jacqu schlenger , the law firm 's former manag partner who had been accus by the state of give erron advic to maryland savings-shar , is still with venabl baetjer. former u.s. attorney general benjamin r. civiletti now serv as manag partner , mr. yarbro said . 
 some of our committe have been appoint and as time goe on other will be appointed. braxton tatum has agre to serv again as chairman of the public relat and inform committee. those serv with him are ann adkin , fred kelli , don sim , arnold culbersulberson , marsha phillip , and vera mcclain . dori beaver has agre to serv as chairman of the matti fold powel fund committee. those serv with her are elli campbel and exi hill . charl wood has agre to serv as chairman of the legisl committee. those serv with him are bertha merrel and vera mcclain . 
 he saw the creation of the afsc as an opportun to unit all the branch of american friend in a common servic project . it was rufus jone who chair the earli meet and who subsequ serv as either chairman or honorari chairman of the board from 1917 to 1948 . 
 mr. lindner , who also is chairman and chief sharehold of american financi corp. , an invest compani in cincinnati , succeed alfr martinelli , former presid and chief execut of penn central. mr. martinelli has been elect vice chairman of penn central and will serv as a consult to the compani . 
 although his father was veri reluct to do so , he apprent him to a carpent in ribe , as jacob insist that was the work he want to do . after serv his apprenticeship there , he went to copenhagen for four year to complet his train . 
 this propos is no arbitrari one . it author , who was director of the counterbudget project , is robert benson , who serv in the control 's depart in the pentagon . 
 norimasa furuta , a senior manag director who join mazda in 1985 after 29 year with japan 's ministri of intern trade and industri , has been name to succeed him. mr. yamamoto will serv as chairman , which in mazda and most japanes compani is the less-pow posit . 
 intellig sourc , howev , said mr. clarridg was sent to south africa by the late cia director william casey and that state depart latin america polici maker were awar of his mission. mr. fier serv with former nation secur council aid lt. col. oliv north on the administr 's restrict interag group , which supervis u.s. polici toward nicaragua while cia field offic in costa rica and hondura were assist a suppos privat contra aid network direct by col. north . 
 he say a like scenario is that mr. singleton will `` break it up into littl piec and give each to a bright young manager. '' mr. hanise expect mr. robert -- who was mr. singleton 's roommat when they were at the u.s. naval academi and still is his most trust associ -- to serv onli until he turn 70 . 
 presid cleveland ultim withdrew the order , but he oppos extend pension benefit to soldier , move the grand armi of the republ to an apoplect tone. no aspect of the presid 's life was spare critic by the grand armi , includ the fact that cleveland had not serv in the civil war but had paid for a `` substitut . '' 
 vice chairman j. l. robertson , is sixty-thre , a member sinc 1952 , and one of the noneconomist . he was train as a lawyer , serv for a while as an f. b. i. agent . 
 as a member of the provinci congress , he not onli help to ratifi the declar of independ , but also provid the guid hand which draft the constitut of the state . he serv until 1779 as chief justic of new york , interpret the constitut which he had draft . 
 after world war ii , when there was the greatest shortag of soviet men , onli 17 percent of the suprem soviet were women . onli 5 percent serv as peopl 's commissar , and in the highest council there were no women at all . 
 mr. bloom , presid and chief execut offic of jaymar-rubi inc. , succeed thoma d. gleason. mr. gleason will continu to serv as chairman and chief execut offic . 
 mr. schnabel is serv as the u.s. ambassador to finland. g. tilton gardner , morgan olmstead chairman and chief execut offic , said mr. schnabel , former deputi chairman of the concern , was on leav of absenc while he serv as ambassador to finland . 
 the feder aviat administr said it top medic offic , who has been accus of certifi pilot who were n't medic fit to fli , was reassign at his request. frank austin , 62 year old , who has serv as feder air surgeon sinc octob 1984 , ask faa administr donald engen to transfer him to allow the agenc to put asid `` the contenti medic certif issu which my activ have so unfortun precipit . '' 
 mr. ferri was vacat in mammoth , calif. , yesterday and was n't avail for comment. as previous report , mr. ferri , along with mr. amerman and former mattel execut thoma j. kalinsk , had serv on a three-person execut committe that ran the compani for a brief time after arthur s. spear announc in octob 1986 that he would retir as chairman and chief execut offic . 
 the church vote `` almost unanim ( 20 member present , all but 2 vote ) that they could not content communic with him at ye lord 's tabl . `` 25 on the other hand , deacon foster 's colleagu , ephraim spooner , staunch support the rebel , prove himself a clever negoti , more than onc obtain larg loan from wealthi tori gentlemen when the town was without fund to equip and pay it rag soldier . the local pastor , chandler robin , serv for a time as a chaplain in the continent armi . 
 the amount of time the man work at the plant , though not fulli oper , still count becaus some equip was run , mr. gordon said. mr. hall , who serv as a manag repres , say the board call a few other wit , includ the man select for the job who defend his qualif . 
 soon almost a general fight was in progress. i tri to place a guard out around our camp , but all were drunk and refus to serv . 
 that 's colonel washington . he serv in the war with the french rememb ? `` those who knew answer with pride . 
 in those day militia offic were no sinecures. all able-bodi men were liabl to serv , and they were not infrequ call upon for activ duti . 
 onc the immedi excit of the reviv was over , howev , these meet found they were unabl to maintain the religi fervor they had experienc without the help of a pastor. mani began to hire visit evangelist to stay on , or to pay a local farmer or teacher with a gift for the ministri to serv as pastor part-tim . 
 the marqui of thuringia , the count of guelder , the bishop of beauvai and verona arriv with their followers. at the end of septemb conrad of montferrat left tyre to join the armi , though he would not serv under king guy . 
 major corpor `` have invest a lot in their reput , '' he told report recent , so `` they ca n't afford to defraud custom '' or make obvious fals claims. `` my judgment is that consum are intellig '' enough to disregard such advertis , mr. oliv say , ad that five appoint commission should n't serv as `` arbit of nation tast and tact . '' 
 while he say `` reform are move ahead , '' he add that it is doubt he ll be abl to continu to serv on the director when a reconstitut uno legisl assembl elect the new seven-man board sometim this month or next. mr. robelo claim he ca n't possibl serv with the fdn 's mr. calero , who is expect to be elect to the new director , becaus of their recurr person clash . 
 he had three children and an energet young wife who ran a taut home . he had serv the citi five year as patrolman , two as detect , and was now assign to the citi attorney 's offic as special investig to mrs. van loon . 
 as ed s. miller , general presid of the 460,000-member hotel and restaur employe union , put it : `` the republican parti and big busi want to take from labor all the gain that it 's made dure the past seventy-f year . `` the use of an independ tripartit board had prove satisfactori to labor dure world war ii and korea , as georg meani , who serv on the world war ii board , never hesit to point out . 
 a scion of one of the wealthiest famili in the countri , the 49-year-old mr. rockefel has travel the world extens and live for three year in japan. he first move to west virginia as an anti-poverti worker , then decid to stay and start a polit career , eventu serv two term as governor . 
 in mani case , purchas of charit gift annuiti pay 25 % to 30 % more than they would pay an insur compani or brokerag firm for an annuiti provid the same level of income. but , say conrad teitel , a white plain , n.y. , tax lawyer who serv as the unpaid counsel to the committe , `` an insur compani doe n't educ youngster , heal the sick or save a soul . '' 
 the german-born mr. wallich , a former econom professor at yale univers , underw surgeri to remov a brain tumor a few month ago. despit some speech impair , he sought to remain activ in fed affair , and colleagu voic hope that he would be abl to serv his full term . 
 prosecutor alleg that home state had loss of $ 147 million from it e.s.m. investments. mr. warner , who had serv as u.s. ambassador to switzerland in the carter administr , face a maximum prison sentenc of 13 1/2 year plus fine and a possibl demand for restitut to the state of ohio for it own expens in make depositor whole . 
 while this quotat from tom stoppard 's 1967 play `` travesti '' is a bit mislead ( what would you call the conflict rage in afghanistan or cambodia : `` communism with the glove on ? '' ) , his real thesi is that there `` are lesson for today 's busi execut in militari strategy. '' mr. ramsey , now busi correspond for nbc news , first becam interest in draw those lesson while serv as far east correspond for the economist . 
 they memor fals stori of their live . expert in forgeri suppli them with fals birth certif , social secur card , driver ' licens , and card show they had been defer from serv in the american arm forc . 
 holder also approv a motion recommend that fermenta 's current board seek legal counsel to determin whether the compani should sue it former directors. the motion was offer by kjell braendstroem , who serv as fermenta 's chairman for the first three month of this year and is manag director of ab industrivaerden , fermenta 's largest singl holder . 
 while he could resign befor complet his term and the presid then in offic would appoint his successor , the successor still would be requir to leav the court at the end of the 18-year term to which the initi justic had been appointed. this would ensur that all justic would be limit to 18 year of influenc , direct ( by serv ) or indirect ( by influenc the select of his successor ) . 
 bradford had been injur a few week befor his elect and was still weak and in pain. he ask for an aid to serv with him , and isaac allerton , anoth church member , was elect as assist governor . 
 he irrit them by pay no attent . he was known as `` the general `` becaus he had serv in the armi rather than hire a substitut as was the custom among the young buck of the land gentri . 
 south african presid botha travel to black township and call on communiti leader to negoti with the white-l govern to end racial unrest. botha visit sebokeng , sharpevill and lekoa , where the township 's mayor urg botha to allow black to serv in parliament . 
 and nobodi ever seem to ask these vet a coupl of question that would put some credibl into their tear : what was their mos -- militari occup specialti ? more import , what platoon of what compani of what battalion of what divis did they serv in , and when ? 
 libbi moodi thompson , seventy-thre , was the youngest of the four children of w. l. moodi jr. and has been marri to her husband , clark , for fifty-two year . he serv in congress for twenty-two year , and they divid their time between lavish furnish home in washington and galveston . 
 his successor -- the youngest cathol archbishop in the u.s. -- is savvi at deliv the same messag loud to the crowd and the media. it is a skill archbishop mahoni hone while serv in the 1970s as chairman of the state agricultur labor relat board dure the vote over union represent of farm worker . 
 and he has denounc `` it messian idea of ownership of the world that is characterist of the american social fabric. '' mr. yakovlev 's view on the u.s. come across as more hard-lin than those of other soviet expert on america , such as georgi arbatov , director of the u.s.a. and canada institut , and anatoli dobrynin , the parti secretari for foreign affair who serv as moscow 's ambassador to washington for more than two decad . 
 separ , chairman fowler , who has been rumor to be plan to leav the agenc soon , was equivoc about his intentions. `` as thing stand , i intend to serv , '' he said at the news confer call to discuss the at & t price cut . 
 a successor has n't been named. mr. empi , a former banker who has serv as the state 's top regul for seven year , was accus by gov. henri bellmon of `` incompet , malfeas and neglect of duti , '' stem from a seri of stock sale involv the share of unit oklahoma bankshar inc. , a bank compani mr. empi onc ran and whose flagship bank has sinc fail . 
 we ought to be build compani , not destroy them. '' mr. inman serv as chairman of a high-technolog hold compani that is majority-own by mason best co. , one of whose founder , elvi mason , is a texaco director . 
 a spokesman said mr. severinson , who was former presid of minstar 's energi servic group , `` will be more concern with the day-to-day operations. '' mr. severinson had previous serv as chairman of amf inc. , which minstar acquir in 1985 . 
 although much of his success was built on deregulatori initi the fcc had made in the 1970s , becaus of mr. fowler the commiss today has `` never been the focus of so much attent and controversi , '' say upi report norman sandler , co-author of a book on telecommun policy. mr. fowler reject the idea that becaus the number of broadcast channel is finit , broadcast must serv as `` truste '' of the airwav in exchang for their licens . 
 nowher was this better explain than in craig robert 's semin 1978 articl in irv kristol 's magazin , the public interest. mr. robert , of cours , also serv as an aid to congressman jack kemp , as an editori writer for this newspap and as assist secretari of the treasuri when the first reagan tax cut was pass . 
 `` i hope , '' mr. hodel conclud , `` that the u.s. is n't so naiv and foolish that we fall for that kind of doublespeak. '' while serv as energi secretari , mr. hodel oppos canadian electr import into the northeastern u.s. , but the sale eventu were approv . 
 her statement fli in the face of conclus reach after a two-year studi by a panel of expert conven by the institut of medicin of the nation academi of science. the panel , on which i serv , includ repres from both hospit sector . 
 howev , a few colleg are consid the addit of dog breed and manag to their anim husbandri curricula. sinc there is no formal train in this field , the boy or girl interest in dog breed will have to serv an apprenticeship . 
 that case was part of a larger matter involv insid trade base on takeov plan alleg leak by employe of a new york law firm. a 1967 graduat of yale and a 1971 graduat of new york univers 's law school , mr. iason held an appeals-court clerkship follow law school , and then serv as a prosecutor with the waterg special prosecut forc for about 18 month . 
 `` this is just a person invest of his. `` fuqua too say he is concentr most of his attent on fuqua industri , although he doe serv as a gabl industri director . 
 a replac will be made but this can not be done befor the time of the meet of the elector college. `` of the twenty-nin democrat who had been elect to serv in pennsylvania , onli twenty-on would be with us . 
 congression investig believ that lt. col. oliv north use a feder bureau of investig agent as his link to a network of free-lanc intellig oper who work outsid of normal govern channels. investig said they have uncov inform indic that a new york-as fbi agent , whom they declin to identifi , `` serv as a liaison '' for a number of privat , loos organ citizen group that provid col. north with intellig data they gather while support nicaraguan insurg and a varieti of anti-communist caus in other countri . 
 i applaud mr. sterba 's article. as a retir marin who serv as a platoon command in vietnam , i was not impress by the film. i recent view it with two other retir marin offic who also serv as infantrymen in vietnam . 
 the white hous is strong consid two men from texa -- one an economist , the other an invest counselor -- for a seat on the feder reserv board , accord to reagan administr officials. the economist is georg w. dougla , 48 year old , a propon of eas govern regul who onc serv on the feder trade commiss and now head a consult firm in austin . 
 but henri nichola , a polit advis to mayor good , say the strategi could backfir becaus `` peopl know ( mr. rizzo ) doe n't care anyth about move. '' while serv as mayor , mr. rizzo also presid over a polic confront with move . 
 would you impos mandatori wage and price control to deal with inflat ? dure the korean war , i serv as feder price administr in main , so i know at firsthand the difficulti of tri to impos control when there are not basic shortag in the economi . 
 edward h. sondker , 41-year-old presid of la jolla bancorp , was name to the addit post of chief execut officer. mr. sondker also serv as chief oper offic , a posit that will remain unfil . 
 but the form of govern has not changed. the chief administr offic are three selectmen citizen who are elect to serv in this capac in addit to their regular , income-earn job . 
 the rest of my relat thought there was someth wrong with me in the head . all my uncl serv honor in world war ii . 
 the duke of burgundi took command of the numer french crusad who remain in outremer. conrad of montferrat sulk in tyre , becaus he would not serv in an armi command by king richard the friend of king guy . 
 `` the council cooper when they have all the fact , `` he say lacon . blum was born in 1911 in sarajevo , where his father , a hungarian jew , serv as a minor offici of the then austro-hungarian state railway . 
 nicaraguan rebel leader are prepar to revamp again the main contra polit arm , amid squabbl over whether their militari leader will accept meaning civilian control. alfonso robelo , a moder , say he wo n't serv in a new director if adolfo calero , a conserv rebel armi leader , get a seat . 
 thank , david aaron 's `` state scarlet '' ( putnam , 351 page , $ 18.95 ) is an except to the rule. even though mr. aaron 's resum is load with impress post -- he 's serv on the nation secur council , been a deputi assist to presid gerald ford for nation secur affair , and help negoti salt -- he know how to tell a stori . 
 when presid 's rule is n't in effect , the governor is onli a repres of the central govern and has no power to rule. siddhartha shankar ray , a 66-year-old congress ( i ) parti leader and former chief minist of west bengal state , has been punjab 's governor sinc april 1986 and will continu to serv under the new arrang . 
 ms. ride hold a doctor in physic from stanford. ms. ride , who onc said that `` be an astronaut was never a lifelong dream , '' serv as a member of the roger commiss that investig the januari 1986 challeng disast . 
 mr. hakim gave detail of the huge profit from the iran and contra arm oper that were bank for himself , gen. secord and thoma cline , a former agent of the central intellig agency. mr. cline , who serv as an arm dealer in europ for the contra arm sale , pocket $ 990,000 , accord to testimoni and record provid by mr. hakim . 
 he has been a director of duro-test sinc 1983. mr. mcgruther , 71 , will serv as co-chairman along with j.m. ross , 77 . 
 in midsumm of ' 61 , special order arriv at camp arlington from the war department. under the new reorgan plan , regular armi offic were unauthor to serv under volunt brass . 
 by win the democrat nomin , mr. barn is near assur of victori in the general elect in gari , a democrat stronghold. mr. barn 's campaign center on gari 's declin economi and whether mr. hatcher , who was first elect in 1967 , had serv too long . 
 `` then what are you do in the paratroop ? `` `` becaus i like to serv with peopl who like to jump . '' 
 he ll wait until after his successor is sworn in here the even of jan. 8. in the meantim , mr. mckernan , who serv two term in the main legislatur befor go to congress , is reacquaint himself with the state capitol , with it two stuf moos in the basement , and is think about how he 's go to fulfil campaign promis to bring job to far away town like jackman and calai , on the canadian border , and to control growth in southern coastal main , which is in danger of becom swallow by develop . 
 wallac look so strong that i thought he 'd sure pick up enough vote to throw it into the hous . and when the word got out that i was consid serv , men from all over , republican and democrat alik , sought me out and said , `` matt , you ve got to accept . 
 we can not go on ignor so much of the world in which we live . edwin o. reischauer , sinc septemb 1966 a univers professor at harvard univers , serv with distinct as unit state ambassador to japan from 1961 to 1966 . 
 georg fox , the methodist chaplain , was the eldest of the four . he had serv in the first world war . although he had not complet high school when he enlist and serv in the armi that first time , he was determin , when he came out , to finish his educ and becom a minist of god . 
 in world war ii he was appoint a command in the unit state navi medic corp , and , becaus of his special knowledg of china , was assign to liaison duti with the offic of strateg servic in chunk and shanghai . after the war he serv in an advisori capac to innumer mission and committe of the unit nation . 
 she was realli excit about that. he 'd even ask her to serv as an advisor on the board of his histor societi . 
 charli was call `` bird . `` some of his friend say that parker got his nicknam when he serv a stint in the armi , where recruit were call yardbird . 
 vinc lombardi believ in the use of comput analysi and manag to have ryan trade to washington to work on his play analysi system . lombardi also serv as a vice-presid of ryan comput servic . 
 pleas rest assur that we are not count you out by no mean and that your past contribut to the organ will not go unappreci . good peopl like you member who have serv well must never be shuffl into the discard as long as we can prevent it . 
 but accord to loew 's most recent proxi statement , mr. tisch 's contract was amend as of feb. 16 to reduc his salari to an annual rate of $ 200,000 for `` so long as he is devot a princip amount of his time to cbs. '' furthermor , the proxi statement say , cbs reimburs loew for $ 262,540 in salari and benefit for the servic of mr. tisch between sept. 11 , 1986 , and jan. 14 , dure which time he serv as act chief execut of cbs . 
 `` whether the blith countri boy off a farm outsid concord , or the fisherman 's son from gloucest , massachusett , return from guinea men or brute is open to conjectur , but certain it is that their restrict new england outlook would have been sharpli widen by their experi on the gambia or amidst the fli human head of old calabar . the author of black cargo believ that the condit of seamen serv on the new england slaver were better than those of seamen on european ship . 
 the panel alreadi have agre to grant limit immun to a number of gen. secord 's associ -- includ his busi partner , albert hakim. mr. hakim handl the financi arrang for the privat network that first assist the contra and later serv as a middleman in the secret u.s. arm sale to iran . 
 regard the recent biographi of j. edgar hoover ( bookshelf , march 5 ; letter , march 24 ) , there has been a steadi drumbeat of critic of mr. hoover sinc his death. your reader may be interest in the fact that in the fate 1953 period when the eisenhow administr was under attack by the right-w of the republican parti , i serv as chief consult to robert l. johnson , who had been ask by the presid and secretari of state dull to reorgan the intern inform adminstr , then in the state depart , and , with the help of congress , transform it into an independ agenc , now known as u.s. inform agenc . 
 mr. barker said magna is consid an initi public offer by the new unit. magna , which report sale of $ 1.03 billion ( canadian ) for fiscal 1986 , said it chairman , frank stronach , also will serv as cosma 's chairman . 
 the compani was acquir in 1952 by remington rand and combin with earlier acquir eckert-mauch corp. to form the nucleus of what today is the univac div . of sperri rand corp. in 1953 , a conflict between the former e-m group and the former era group led to the departur of some era peopl , head by william norri , a co-found with tompkin of era , to found control data corp. of which norri is still presid . dr. tompkin in 1953 join the ucla mathemat depart , serv as director of numer analysi research and director of the comput facil . 
 spous of industri employe would no longer be abl to serv as public arbitrators. the propos would affect about 20 % of the 3,000 to 4,000 peopl who serv as arbitr , most lawyer , account and industri profession , accord to sec offici . 
 a u.s. cardiologist was arrest by author in pakistan and charg with kill 13 people. the pakistani-born doctor , who return to lahor in 1981 after serv as a fellow at baylor univers medic center in dalla , has admit to nine of the murder , author said . 
 in pick chairmen , senat and hous democrat leader chose moder who ca n't be easili dismiss as bias by the reagan administration. sever wound in world war ii while serv in all-nisei , japanese-american batallion , mr. inouy fit the mold of an ethnic patriot . 
 a colleg dropout and self-describ airplan fanat , the 44-year-old mr. dubinski is credit with orchestr a seri of secret union meet -- dub `` oper stealthco '' -- that led to a formal propos to acquir the nation 's second-largest airline. mr. dubinski is `` the primari move forc '' behind the propos , say boston lawyer f. lee bailey , who suggest a pilot buyout of unit two year ago while serv as a counsel to the union . 
 they hate war all war , not just the one in vietnam. they are the 500 or so conscienti objector who serv in the armi 's medic branch as technician , order , operating-room assist , stretcher bearer and medic with line infantri or armor compani . 
 not even with the fbi . that mean you ve never serv in the militari ... `` 
 the reason for ani individu 's assign are militari need , person qualif and chance. my year ( 1966-67 ) in vietnam was spent serv with the 2/7 ( gari owen ) , 1st air cavalri as a platoon leader and then brigad staff offic ( mos 1542 , infantri offic ) . 
 siciliano , a former assist secretari of labor as well as under secretari of commerc , had repres manag in work out the last west coast dock settlement in 1966. day becam the spokesman of the busi group , larg becaus he is the onli busi member who has been abl to serv full time on the board . 
 administr offici have said that they are strong consid leif olsen , the former chief economist of new york-bas citibank , for that vacancy. mr. kelley , 54 year old , is chairman and chief execut of invest advis inc. , and has serv on the board of sever bank . 
 a gsa offici said mr. william was n't suspect of wrongdo , but that the agenc was concern about the appear of a conflict of interest. in the telephone-switch disput , at & t said mr. william serv as contract offic for a short time when the gsa alleg discrimin against it . 
 the fascin thing about our unseen guest is the guest himself . he is an entiti who call himself `` stephen , `` purport an american serv in the alli armi who was kill sometim in 1916 . 
 ultim , the debt is paid with fund generat by the acquir compani 's oper or sale of it assets. the 43-year-old mr. sherman , a lawyer , join church 's two year ago after serv as an execut vice presid at a u.s. unit of canada 's imasco ltd. , a tobacco and retail concern . 
 his term would end june 30 , 1989. becaus he was appoint to the bank board while the senat was n't in session , mr. henkel current is serv without confirm . 
 by appoint david karn , the republican governor narrow the democrat major in the senat to 54-46. mr. karn , 38 , is senior vice presid and general counsel of scoular co. , a grain and lumber concern , and is serv his fourth term as chairman of the feder home loan bank in topeka , kan . 
 polit control , too , is chang hands. gov. alexand , a republican who has serv the maximum two term , is step down this month . 
 mr. napl , 41 , succeed georg bartol iii , 65 , who retir as chairman. hunt said mr. napl will continu to serv as chief execut , and mr. fritsch , 55 , will continu as chief oper offic . 
 baker , 61 , a former senat gop leader , is expect to push the presid toward compromis and consensus on mani domest and foreign polici issues. iran provid an arm merchant with near $ 87 million while he serv as the key middleman for u.s. arm sale to iran , accord to the tower commiss report . 
 compar that record with those of the great 20th-centuri justic , we find again that holm and cardozo were better qualified. holm had serv with distinct on the suprem court of massachusett ; cardozo had serv with equal distinct on the new york court of appeals. five of the other six had had no previous judici experi ; black had serv briefli as a polic court judg in birmingham , ala . 
 as for the overal measur , onli rep. stan parri ( r. , va. ) oppos it. all but eight member of the full bank committe serv on the subcommitte . 
 he beg the governor to think over these word . in octob , 1783 , congress discharg those who had serv in the war , retain onli a small forc until a peacetim militia was organ . 
 hoodlum , fire by patriot and whiski , smash the window of german-own shop and often beat up the proprietor . no matter that german-american ralli to the color , bought liberti bond , serv in the arm forc , and remain steadfast loyal to the unit state . 
 like hart , john laci was a handsom man , be `` of a rare shape of bodi and good complexion `` . dure the civil war he serv in the armi as a lieuten and quarter-mast under colonel charl gerard , later earl of macclesfield . 
 the announc were made after the close of trading. nippon life also would be entitl to two seat on the shearson board , and a repres will serv as an `` advis '' to the american express board , the compani said . 
 in 1948 , when it came time for the republican elector of michigan to conven in lans , onli thirteen of the nineteen bother to show. accord to custom , offici scurri through the capitol look for anyon who would serv , and they came upon a mr. j. j. levi of royal oak , who was duli sworn . 
 grace had sold the home quarter busi for about $ 10 million to a manag group includ bernard kossar , then-chairman and chief execut offic , and frank doczi , presid and chief oper officer. heching said mr. doczi will continu as presid and mr. kossar will serv as a consult to home quarter , which is base in virginia beach , va . 
 under mr. dee , smithklin becam a leader in the prescript drug market. dure the decad he serv as chief execut , sale grew to $ 2.6 billion from $ 402 million , aid great by the anti-ulc drug tagamet . 
 it was onli a small ship in the 34th mine-sweep flotilla , base in den helder , a key port on the dutch coast . but i becam acquaint with death while serv with this veri activ flotilla . 
 the person chosen to fill this posit was betti jean landreth layton , daughter of mr. and mrs. eugen b. landreth of talladega . in addit to the duti connect with the area abov , betti act as public relat person for the program for except children and youth , and serv on various committe for the state depart of educ . 
 mr. mcfarland , the 56-year-old former vice presid , oper , of placer u.s. , succeed alan g. horton , 62 , who plan to retir may 1. mr. horton will serv in a consult 's role as vice chairman of placer u.s. until his retir becom effect , the compani said . 
 if this is the case , it follow that what was be honor at gettysburg was devot to the nation . if this is the case , it follow that what was honor at gettysburg was not the ultim purpos of the war so much as the devot of those who serv . 
 without paus to examin it , he said to wong , `` is there ani way that i could see the hoppo when your grandfath call upon him ? '' even the inscrut wong show surpris at the question , then laugh , `` if you could becom chines , sah , you might serv as one of my grandfath 's retinu accompani him to the audienc . '' 
 the shaman 's or medicin man 's main job in most tribe is to diagnos and cure diseas . he is often , howev , a jack-of-all-trad , at one time or anoth serv as soothsay , hypnotist , teacher , weather prophet , chief , scientist , lawyer , and priest . 
 the futur will almost certain see an expand role for the profession director . usual a retir execut , the profession director serv on the board of a half dozen or more compani . 
 but onc the volunt were accept for what they were , the timid call for their help becam a roar heard round the world . in less than four year the peac corp has pick from 100,000 applic 10,000 volunt now in train or who are serv oversea in 46 countri . 
 the man who train the first marin to land on guadalcan was a member of the class of 1912 , daniel e. barbey , who as an admir later command amphibi forc in the southwest pacif . to the men serv under him he was `` uncl dan , the amphibi man . `` 
 he has n't been a member of the board 's execut committe , though he will becom one now. mr. hugel has been associ with mr. johnson longer than most other rjr director , howev , have serv on nabisco brand inc. 's board from 1978 until the compani was acquir by rjr in 1985 . 
 i 'm forty-nine. i believ a chief execut should not serv too long . 
 the sultan and their minist had built mani mosqu in istanbul sinc the time of the conquest , but suleyman the magnific , with the wealth of the empir at his dispos , was the greatest builder of all , and his royal architect , sinan , was a man of genius . sinan had begun his career as a soldier in the sultan 's armi and serv as militari engin and bridgebuild . 
 his parent were sympathet to his problem . charl , who was serv an apprenticeship with a hartford engrav , was glad to have his roommat back . 
 but befor i can resum my natur form and take possess of the belong of my forefath , you must go out into the world and take servic as a maidserv . `` the young princess consent at onc , and for a whole year she serv as a maid . 
 also , member must pay themselv 25 cent an hour for their labor on assembl line , and a ten-perc commiss on sales. in order to be elig to serv on the board of director , each compani member must buy one share of stock . 
 north 's credibl come under question. the former nsc aid fals claim that he serv two tour in vietnam and that he was a pre-m student befor enter the naval academi . 
 dure my last year in high school i pass the rigid test requir for admiss to the naval academi . thereaft i serv my compulsori term with the nation labor servic , regul mountain stream and build road . 
 i return to my boat to check the progress of work , which i expect to be finish in four day . as i board u-953 , the chief , who had serv under marbach , call me into the bow torpedo room . 
 he will remain a director and chairman of the board 's financ committee. mr. durham , who join the compani in 1967 , has serv as presid and chief oper offic sinc jan. 1 , 1985 . 
 andro is often depict as a ruthless agent of royal power , and he did do his best to execut his orders. at the same time , howev , he establish a system for the defens of the coloni against the french and the indian , build fort and rais troop to serv on the border . 
 mr. khashoggi refus to discuss his busi deal with the wall street journal. neither canadian could be reach for comment , and the swami -- who serv as mr. khashoggi 's `` spiritu advis , '' accord to one of the saudi 's former associ -- was said to be `` somewher in europ . '' 
 they are : -- harold t. bowl , 52 year old , who also will serv as general manag of the unit 's ontario , calif. , divis . 
 but the white hous is disappoint that other are still held. dure the summer , the contra begin receiv more arm via a privat air transport system report set up with the help of a compani run by retir air forc maj. gen. richard secord , a veteran of covert action who had work with lt. col. north and serv as mr. weinberg 's mideast polici aid . 
 what , perhap , would happen inadvert in the begin becam routin . terri reid of fond du lac , wisconsin , spent much of 1968 serv with the 11th brigad of the amer divis near chu lai , the divis headquart a few mile north of quang ngai citi . 
 mr. casey , now hospit with pneumonia after surgeri earlier this year for the remov of a malign brain tumor , is n't like to testifi , but other cia offic are expect to appear. gen. secord 's busi partner , albert hakim , an iranian-american with past tie to the cia , serv as one of the network 's princip financi manag . 
 the packag reflect ambival in the reagan administr over the competit issue. michael porter of the harvard busi school , who serv on the presid 's competit commiss , say that `` instinct and intuit , the administr believ : a ) there is no problem ; and b ) if there is a problem , it 's essenti a short-term problem base on macroeconom factor like the valu of the dollar and high interest rate ; and c ) even if there is a problem , there is no role for govern '' in solv it . 
 fri had work with peter jefferson and knew the wilderness. washington was pleas to serv under him . 
 `` a lot of quantiti , that 's for sure. but after rasmussen , rhoden and righetti , you ll have to see me later about the qualiti , '' say lopat , who scout the nation leagu for the team as well as serv as one of eight coach the yank have assembl to supervis their pitcher here . 
 some valuabl charact are about to be lost to the hous of repres of their own choice. i fear onc that this would be the case with mr. smith , of your state ; but i believ his present intent is rather to continu to serv . 
 the first offic of the guild were : eleanor harrison , vangi larson , ethel weinholdt and louis seaver. they were elect for one year , where now they serv for a two-year term . 
 mr. stolz , the new chief of cia covert oper , join the cia in 1950 after he was graduat from amherst colleg , which also is mr. webster 's alma mater. he serv under cover as a state depart polit offic in a number of european capit , includ moscow ; rome ; frankfurt , west germani ; and sofia , bulgaria. he also serv as chief of the cia 's european oper divis and as the agenc 's chief liaison with britain 's intellig servic befor he retir . 
 the committe also includ matthew p. dean , 56 , vice chairman in charg of operations. stephen kovac , 62 , will serv as chairman of the board in a nonexecut capac . 
 g. barri mcmennamin was name publish , effect jan. 1. he succeed crocker snow jr. , who will continu to serv as presid and editor-in-chief of the privat held month . 
 prior to that , he was execut vice presid of the equip group of compugraph corp. in wilmington , mass. mr. stern , 64 , serv as chairman sinc gtech was found seven year ago . 
 congratul ! mr. brewer is now serv as presid of the middl tennesse interscholast associ and the tennesse interscholast associ . 
 blair had chosen john muckler , ranger coordin of player personnel , as his successor on the bench . muckler had been groom in the minnesota organ for a year , serv as general manag and coach of memphi in the central leagu . 
 `` ole miss , `` the univers offici were told , had let the state down bad : it law professor were help the young lawyer with their case . face with a threaten cut in it budget , ole miss hastili drop the oeo hot potato and even forc out two professor who serv part-tim in oeo . 
 industri insid say that supplier such as panason co. , a unit of matsushita electr industri co. of japan , lost million of dollar in the reorganization. today , panason is su mr. zinn 's father , julius , who serv as a director and advis to entertain market , alleg that custom hi-fi has n't compli with it court-approv reorgan plan . 
 whatev the econom and procedur problem that besieg iran 's peopl and govern , their is a true republic. within that framework , jew and christian serv in elect posit . 
 the network of former militari offic involv in the iran-contra affair has play a role in clandestin oper go far beyond ship arm to anti-sandinista guerrilla in nicaragua. oper as contractor to the u.s. govern , the offic have serv in recent year as middlemen , facilit arm transfer and provid aircraft for separ secret activ sanction by the defens depart and central intellig agenc . 
 at that time , some director resign from the board , the spokesman said. he said the compani hope that this chang will make it easier to recruit busi execut to serv on the lear board , but he declin to comment on whether the chang would allow the compani to more easili obtain liabil coverag for it director . 
 mr. kelley 's appoint would fill the seat vacat by emmett rice , a carter administr appointe who announc in octob that he would resign from the fed on dec. 31 to return to the privat sector. mr. kelley would serv until jan. 31 , 1990 , when mr. rice 's term was to end . 
 on one mission he was select to coordin the oper of the entir eighth air forc fighter command , which meant that from the air he was control almost 800 battle-dispers plane . two of the most famous fighter pilot who serv under blakesle 's command were captain don s. gentil ( thirti victori ) and john t. godfrey ( thirty-six victori ) . 
 the ident of the individu who decid on the name cornucopia for the submarin depot ship in which the suppli offic serv is hidden deep in the recess of the navi depart , but the name is startl appropri , for she is a fount of plenty. men who do not serv in her think her the ugliest ship that has been design sinc noah went into the busi , and they may be right . 
 there is n't ani repres of the stephen 's interest on worthen 's board , though worthen 's presid and chief execut offic , curt bradburi jr. , was a longtim stephen inc. official. both mochtar and jame riadi have serv as worthen director , and jame held worthen manag job until he resign in octob 1986 . 
 mr. abbott succeed jame h. titcomb , who is retir from the board. mr. reni succeed leon a. gorman , who is resign after serv the normal 12-year director 's term , the compani said . 
 `` on an articl in the wall street journal discuss whether dye in color toilet paper caus river pollut : `` the tissu issue. `` on a senior scholast item about the first femal ever to serv as a u.s. senat page : `` girl turn page in senat histori . 
 he pass up locker room and the pole-vault area , among other , to fund the first-aid room in the school 's new field house. `` i serv in the medic corp dure world war ii , '' explain the retir invest advis . 
 most of his life he had live by hunt . milo dodg had been a texa ranger with walker , and had serv as a boy in the armi dure the war with mexico . 
 in the first quarter end juli 31 , geac had a net loss of $ 2.9 million on revenu of $ 15.9 million. an offici of peat marwick ltd. , which agre to serv as the creditor ' truste under the restructur plan , said the plan is similar to a chapter 11 bankruptcy-law file in the u.s. , under which a compani seek time from it creditor to reorgan it busi . 
 thousand of young black in biafra pour into his fourth commando divis in 1968. they want to serv under the red and green flag becaus they thought that steiner had juju , or luck . 
 such a move would hard be unpreced ; 12 commission have been so elev in the commiss 's 53-year history. the 63-year-old mr. shad serv beyond the end of his five-year term last june so that he could overse the blitz against insid trade and shepherd sever project , includ the computer of the sec 's corporate-disclosur file system . 
 as an economist he won acclaim from mani of his contemporari for introduc the 1948 currenc reform that pave the way to the wirtschaftswund , the german econom miracle. later , from 1963 to 1966 he serv as chancellor . 
 this is in strong contrast with the small , politic nsc staff. the distinct between profession expert and polit respons offici is imposs to observ while serv on the nsc staff . 
 current justic are appoint by the governor , vet by the commiss on judici appoint and put on the ballot for public approv or disapprov at the next general election. they serv 12-year term , after which they go befor the voter again . 
 somehow , we must develop a schedul of reinforc that sustain the now short-liv sensit business-eth cours demonstr achieve. perhap one way is to bring togeth , for period analysi of busi decis face and taken , those who make the decis , in meet facilit by outsid well qualifi to point out or elicit the ethic dimens of a situat -- much as is done by the ethicist who serv on hospit committe of medic ethic . 
 clive barker is the high tout stephen king of the futur ( stephen king is do the tout ) and he live up to his billing. `` the damnat game '' ( ace/putnam , 379 page , $ 18.95 ) is a mortifi thriller about a gambler who is taken from prison to serv as bodyguard to an eccentr industrialist . 
 with the except of the late dr. martin luther king , jr. , it would be hard to think of anoth afro-american leader of that time who could have command abroad as much attent and respect as malcolm did. malcolm could , therefor , serv as a rove ambassador for the afro-american communiti in it quest for intern support and understand of the racial problem in america . 
 there had been famous lute-mak in cremona as far back as the thirteenth centuri ; later on there were also viol-mak , among them marco del busseto , who rank as one of the recogn master . one can therefor assum that andrea serv as an apprentic with busseto , although it is true that the wide sound-hol and the slope edg of his instrument are reminisc of the brescia school . 
 somewhat unnerv , lepet almost fail to notic the thin particl of a man who sat at a desk besid him , his flake of a bodi almost total lost in the cushion of a special made chair. this was the intric contrapt teener , who was to serv as lepet 's assist , a onc great detect whose bodi had liter been trim down by gunfir in a major shoot-out . 
 investor might also worri about who 's mind the store at loews. while mr. tisch devot much of his time to look after the compani 's $ 750 million invest in cbs , his brother , preston robert tisch , has been serv as postmast general sinc last august . 
 if he believ , as he has said , that the duart govern is promot econom growth and strengthen the democrat system , he was either misinform by his subordin about the true situat in el salvador , or he was conscious promot an econom system diametr opposit to that which he promot for the unit states. '' one salvadoran , who serv as a paratroop in the u.s. armi , say : `` from now on , it 's no longer the unit state -- no more miami . 
 mr. henz serv on the nsc staff from 1977 to 1980 . 
 both men lack battl experi and that was the chief reason for my transfer . although the captain had serv as a prospect command on a u-boat patrol in the atlant , onli one-third of the ship 's compani had tast combat ; the rest had to be train for their first mission . 
 mellon director select the 55-year-old mr. cahouet ( pronounc cow-et ) appar becaus of his success in turn around anoth troubl bank concern , san francisco 's crocker nation corp. , between 1984 and 1986. he serv as presid and chief execut offic at crocker until it was acquir by well fargo & co. in may 1986 . 
 mr. hu , long thought to be the chosen successor to carri on the far-reach econom and polit reform begun by mr. deng , was forc to resign from his parti post friday. zhao ziyang , maintain his post as premier , was name to serv concurr as parti general secretari . 
 to eas the stalem , the panel propos increas hous term to four year from two year and senat term to eight year from six , with elect to be held onli in presidenti campaign years. panel member suggest permit member of congress to serv in the cabinet , eas the senat major need for treati approv from two-third to 51 % , and give congress author to limit campaign expenditur . 
 he first move to charleston in 1934 , work for the associ press in raleigh , north carolina , and new york citi , and move back to charleston in 1947 . dure world war ii he serv in the navi . 
 new york mercantil exchang member elect william m. bradt , an independ floor trader , to be chairman of the 115-year-old futur exchange. mr. bradt , who defeat stanley r. meierfeld , the exchang 's vice chairman , will serv a two-year term start immedi . 
 in contrast , john f. kennedi and lyndon johnson did not have activ militari offic on their nsc staff for most of their presidencies. kennedi had the bay of pig , and afterward immedi ask maxwel taylor to serv as a special advis ( although not on the nsc staff ) ; johnson had vietnam , a war without a strategi -- inde , without clear militari goal -- orchestr larg by civilian counsel , both in the white hous and in the offic of the secretari of defens . 
 as a teenag , mr. robert work in a lear siegler inc. guidanc system plant in grand rapid , mich. , where he was a member of the uaw. later , he was elect shop steward , and by the time he was promot to labor relat manag he was negoti with a uaw region repres by the name of owen bieber. mr. bieber now serv as uaw presid . 
 a stronger currenc reduc cash flow. paul h. aron , an american who serv as vice chairman of daiwa america , say that all make a good textbook theori , but noth els . 
 the first question was , say jackson , `` what are we talk about ? `` to head up the offic of new communiti develop , earli in 1970 , romney brought in nicoson , who had previous serv as a consult to hud . 
 even the moral trauma of a would-b conscienti objector , forc to make his first kill , is on-target. terenc knox as the sergeant and a crew of newcom as his platoon creat a solid ensembl cast of soldier serv out their 12-month stay in hell . 
 we do n't like to interrupt funerals. '' all the pilot at this base are civilian serv their annual tour of armi duti . 
 `` at this particular time , '' the wisconsin democrat said , `` i think we need someon who will be perceiv as have absolut no conflict of interest in the administr of the sec , and someon who is veri tough on crime. '' one candid said to have such credenti is judg duffi , who serv as the sec 's new york region administr from 1969 until 1972 . 
 year , quarter , and month meet have mani project of their own. quaker serv on the subcommitte of these organ and score like them , on the board of school and colleg , on meet committe in abund . 
 at 12:30 p.m. , the commodor hail his captain with order to attack , and the vessel move smart into their posit . an offic aboard the flagship who had serv under other commodor watch the proceed with awe . 
 in august of 1946 a mutual fund known as manag fund , inc. , was found in st. loui , missouri , by two cousin , hilton slayton and hovey slayton . hilton was the domin figur in the compani , serv as presid and make pretti well all the decis . nine men serv on the board of director , includ `` nonaffili `` director who were name by hilton slayton and a close friend of his . 
 on the latest vote , mr. henkel said he did n't believ an actual conflict of interest exist , but was abstain `` to avoid even the slightest appear of impropriety. '' mr. henkel and lawrenc white are serv on the board while await senat confirm . 
 the true order of success was to be restor ; the queen had not existed. what happen to the surviv favorit of hashepsow one can onli guess , but a few appar surviv to serv under tuthmosi . 
 but sen. paul tribl ( r. , va. ) said investig have found evid that the general withdrew more than $ 80,000 of the money to pay for a small plane , a porsch sport car , and a visit to a weight-reduct camp with former central intellig agenc offic thoma clines. mr. cline serv as an arm dealer in europ and receiv an estim $ 990,003 under a secret account establish on his behalf by mr. hakim . 
 howard baker of tennesse or john tower of texa , to replac mr. casey. mr. gate has serv as mr. casey 's deputi sinc last april 18 . 
 and so , abov all other , did the grand dean of american academ thought , freedom , and progress , dr. john dewey. even in his old , old age , out of his profound feel for justic , dewey agre to serv as chairman of the commiss that was establish to investig the charg against leon trotski . 
 the guidanc staff consist of thirteen full-tim counselor , includ the director . one of the staff serv as a vocat counselor . 
 georg r. catlett , fifty-thre , arthur andersen 's repres on the account principl board , vigor upheld his firm 's unpopular posit dure deliber on the problem of account for merger and other busi combin . donald erickson , fifty-six , head of the chicago offic , also serv as chairman of arthur andersen 's board of director . 
 other nation quick adopt this practic of `` conscript `` or draft men. that is , instead of be ask to fight for pay or for patriot , men were made to serv . 
 upon assum command of the depart of arizona , general nelson a. mile was direct by the war depart to use most vigor oper for the destruct or captur of the hostil apach . the follow extract are from instruct issu april 20th , 1886 , for the inform and guidanc of troop serv in the southern portion of arizona and new mexico . 
 the overal success of the one-to-on relationship in reach citi slum children has stimul a number of suburban communiti to adopt volunt program of their own . freeport , l. i. , and lexington , mass. , have recent adopt the idea ; in orang counti , calif. , hundr of volunt are serv in classroom , prepar curriculum materi , work in playground . 
 born of an old danish famili , she carri forward it tradit of make contribut to danish literatur while establish a distinguish nich for herself in english as well as danish letter . her father gain distinct as a writer after he had serv as an armi offic and come to america , where he live for sever year as a trapper with the pawne indian in minnesota . 
 transport secretari elizabeth dole said , `` he sought to make a posit differ in peopl 's live , and he has succeeded. '' mr. engen serv on the nation transport safeti board for two year befor go to the faa . 
 greenspan and johnson `` march to quit differ drummer '' on mani econom issues. anoth johnson friend recal that when the vice chairman serv at the treasuri he `` was veri , veri critic '' of posit mr. greenspan -- then an outsid reagan advis -- took in favor of tax increas and social secur overhaul . 
 henri cornelius agrippa von nettesheim was born at cologn on the fourteenth of septemb , 1486 . he was educ at the univers of cologn , and as a young man serv as a soldier in the armi of maximilian i of germani . 
 ozaki and then sorg were hang on novemb 7 , 1944 . ( gordon w. prang is professor of histori at the univers of maryland . dure world war ii he serv as a lieuten command in the u.s. navi , and in 1945 was assign to the u.s. militari govern in tokyo . 
 walt disney co. name robert j. fitzpatrick , cultural-affair director for the 1984 los angel olymp , to serv as presid of disney 's plan eurodisneyland near pari . 
 they come from everi walk of life rich , poor , busi and profession peopl , farmer and tradesmen. they serv without pay or compens of ani kind. more than 100,000 local citizen are serv on the board of communiti action agenc . 
 that the time of enlist of ewe 's brigad of six hundr men all expir the first of jan. next and that the offic and men and gen. ewe himself have declar that they will serv no longer . 
 he ad that the `` announc is yet anoth signal to congress and the american peopl that presid reagan is determin to stay on top of this controversi until it has been fulli resolved. '' mr. abshir has serv in the nato post sinc 1983 and was consid for the job as the presid 's nation secur advis when lt. col. john poindext resign last month . 
 former associ of marin lt. col. oliv north paint a color and detail pictur of how the fire white hous aid provid clandestin militari advic , money and munit to the nicaraguan contras. conserv activist robert owen testifi befor congression investig committe that he serv as a frequent `` courier '' between col. north and the top leader of the nicaraguan democrat forc , the main contra group . 
 long and laxalt orchestr their lobbi effort here. sen. long has said he will serv on the board of governor for the new york stock exchang . 
 nugan and hand have such well-plac friend ? distinguish militari offic serv as consult and associ . 
 georg brinton mcclellan handsom , dash , brilliant and success had been the youngest cadet ever accept at west point and the most youth to graduat . after serv some year in the armi , he resign , marri a beauti new york socialit and becam presid of a railroad in ohio . 
 adolfo calero , who resign under pressur from moder from the old director in februari , is like to be includ in the new leadership panel. alfonso robelo , the respect moder who onc press for reform with mr. cruz , has repeat said he wo n't serv with mr. calero , but there is specul he might chang his mind . 
 last month kaiser agre in principl to creat the hold compani in exchang for a $ 140 million cash infus from mr. clore. if kaiser sharehold approv the restructur plan , the geneva , switzerland , financi will serv as chairman of the hold compani and name a major of it director for five years. kaiser 's chairman and chief execut offic , cornel maier , would retain his current posit and serv as the parent 's vice chairman . 
 sol m. linowitz , former u.s. ambassador to the organ of american state , give a clear warn : `` a greater threat to the unit state than russian presenc is that latin american countri will becom disench with us for not show interest . we must find way to encourag the latin to look north , not east . `` ( carl t. rowan has serv as director of the u.s. inform servic and as ambassador to finland . 
 with engin degre from arizona state univers , his previous experi includ start an oregon compani that devis inform system for bank and serv as director of manag inform system at pullman inc. one of the four founder , mark fox , who is serv as interim presid and chief execut until a successor for mr. geisel is found , contend that ani friction between the founder and mr. geisel were minor . 
 rep. doug barnard ( d. , ga. ) vote for the higher level in the subcommitte , initi yesterday did n't vote on reduc the limit and in a later vote yesterday oppos rais the limit from $ 5 billion. all but seven member of the full committe serv on the subcommitte that consid the bill tuesday . 
 he was appoint a candid member of the rule politburo in april 1985 , but never achiev the full vote status won by marshal ustinov , a civilian who becam one of the most power men in the kremlin dure his eight year as defens minister. gen. yazov most recent serv sever month as a deputi defens minist for personnel . 
 those who knew him shrug and said , `` oh , cump 's all right , but he alway was an odd hors . `` sinc sherman was a west pointer and had serv in the regular armi , he was given command of a regiment from ohio . 
 he join time magazin in 1951 . in the 1968 elect campaign he serv as chief of research and write for richard nixon and subsequ spent two year in washington as a special assist to the presid . 
 southern grudg accept a slowdown in militari spend , while northern agre to scale back their plan for welfar and mass-transit programs. rep. leath help to forg the budget compromis and then serv as emissari to his southern colleagu on it behalf . 
 mr. hull , who has u.s. and costa rican citizenship and a long , but unclear defin relationship with the u.s. govern , now is emerg from the shadow of the contra war. last week robert owen , who serv as a courier for lt. col. oliv north , the fire nation secur council staffer , told congression investig committe that mr. hull is `` a man who has done a tremend amount for his countri '' by help the contra maintain a southern front against nicaragua . 
 we have road , tractor , telephon , even medic clinics. `` unlik most of israel 's arab , the son of druze serv in the isra armi . '' 
 accord , the hill which rose abov and beyond the american camp ( now known as gallow hill ) was select for the execut and a gallow was erected. barber relat that the hangman abscond and sever boy about twelv year of age were order by putnam to serv in his place . 
 joe hors was elect presid ; katherin bonner , first vice-presid ; charl johnson , second vice-presid ; margaret scott , secretari ; and burli dutton , treasur ; with hudson davi and ethel guthrey as board members. john holstun is chaplain and john trott will serv as marshal . 
 this is particular true in promot . to give an exampl , the polic commission or other top law enforc offic is almost invari a polit appointe serv at the discret of the mayor . 
 mr. atwood 's broad experi , main in the non-automot side of the compani , provid him with a perspect on gm 's grow oper that few of it other execut possess. prior to his last post , mr. atwood serv as the top execut in the compani 's world-wid truck and bus group . 
 other term of the agreement were n't disclosed. while each compani will be equal repres in manag the partnership , jame a. glime of k mart 's specialti retail divis will serv as chief execut . 
 `` paul volcker has becom a major asset to this administr , '' mr. gramley said. but he ad that mr. volcker , who has serv as fed chairman sinc august 1979 , might agre to stay on for onli anoth year or so . 
 western health plan inc. said dougla c. werner resign as presid and chief execut offic after serv in the post for eight month . 
 they had been sent to vietnam as replac for soldier who had fallen in battl or who had complet their tour of duty. they would serv exact one year , and then they , too , would be rotat home . 
 i sent my brother porico ( white hors ) with mr. georg wratton on to fort bowi to see general mile , and to tell him that we wish to return to arizona ; but befor these messeng return i met two indian scout kayitah , a chokonen apach , and marteen , a nedni apach . they were serv as scout for captain lawton 's troop . 
 at least twenty-eight men , experienc in foreign affair , are present to the council by the govern of the six as prospect candid for seat on the commission. the fourteen member final select serv a term of four year . 
 it was of littl help to their relationship that the son sometim show more foresight than the father . while serv as a vice presid of a famili bank , w. l. iii onc loan $ 6,000 to the owner of a movi theatr , who want the money to buy an organ . 
 she sew curtain for all the front window , replac the one dingi pair arthur had hung in the consult room. for inn she made a black jacket , resplend with brass button , so he could serv as the doctor 's page when not in school . 
 wish for a son had becom onli my public facad . serv as father to littl girl was now my stock in trade , and i love everi minut of it well , almost everi minut . 
 within ten year , the trust territori 's budget has quadrupl to almost $ 60 million . almost 300 peac corp volunt are serv in the island , 75 percent of them teach micronesian teacher to teach english as a second languag . 
 `` the closer we get to the end , the more like we are to promot from within. '' mr. tuttl also say that he can draw from a pool of high-level busi execut and univers administr who want the experi of serv in govern but do n't want career in washington . 
 the charg of improprieti in have activ duti militari offic take the fifth amend illustr anoth facet of the problem. no one has deni that when adm. poindext and col. north sought fifth amend protect , they were act within their right ; it just seem wrong to have men serv in the activ militari forc of the nation do so . 
 dure that summer georg took sever trip with byrn . occasion he serv as rodman for other fredericksburg surveyor . 
 mr. strauss is also chairman of the government-control bayernwerk ag , which control a controversi new atom plant in wackersdorf. mr. strauss has been a drive forc behind europ 's heavili subsid consortium of aerospac concern , airbus industri , which he serv as chairman . 
 redon was deepli patriot , and is the onli artist who come to mind who actual enjoy go to war . draft into the french armi dure the franco-prussian war of 1870-71 , he found it rigor exhilar and serv with distinct until a persist fever forc a medic discharg . 
 ladi mari ellington , wife of the british consul , was maid of honor . the honor michael chaconi , epirot deputi to the greek nation assembl , serv as best man . 
 also , parachutist could be use in mani ways. they could serv as soldier behind enemi line , as spi across border , or as agent to organ revolt in other countri . 
 he was 70 , but he began the work at a kill pace . in the congress alon , he serv on ten committe . 
 attorney familiar with the investig , howev , said mr. mees has told associ that he want to avoid ani potenti conflict of interest , or even the appear of such problems. mr. mees has acknowledg that in 1982 , while serv as counselor to presid reagan , he ask other administr offici to look into complaint by wedtech that it was n't receiv fair treatment from the armi . 
 the venal at the court in england was reflect in virginia . berkeley receiv pay equal to at least $ 20,000 today , and the burgess , who had start out serv without salari , demand , and got , regular stipend . 
 some said he was be haughti , but he was never that ; he was simpli tri to get his work done. the select of men to serv on his cabinet was one of the presid 's first import duti . 
 `` he need to becom a lot of peopl 's second choices. '' mr. bennett , who has serv in congress for 36 year , is base his campaign part on senior , the veri principl that was fractur when mr. aspin ascend to the chairmanship in 1985 . 
 this procedur is grossli unfair to the vote member who deserv a clear-cut choic of fresh candid each year. also , it undermin the theori of widespread particip and the equal opportun for all member to serv activ in an offici capac . 
 a gm spokesman said that post will remain vacant. onli somewhat less daunt is the task face mr. wheelon , a respect expert in space and satellit communic who has serv on the presid 's foreign intellig advisori board and on the commiss that investig the challeng space shuttl disast earlier this year . 
 `` it was discov in a complex set of circumst wherebi a certain piec of carpet was found not to have compli '' with some fire standard , mr. kaufman said. he said that `` lead expert in fire and flammabl materi '' have been consult and are serv on the compani task forc , though he declin to identifi the individu involv . 
 he head a committe of 14 leader from union local , but report to uaw presid owen bieber , who join mr. yokich at the session last week. although mr. bieber , 57 , will be elig to serv until 1995 , bet is alreadi heavi that mr. yokich will be his eventu successor . 
 the most import of the twenti vuillaum , and at the same time one of the best french violin-mak of the nineteenth centuri , was jean baptist vuillaum , who was born in mirecourt in 1798 , and die in pari in 1875 . after serv his apprenticeship , he settl in pari at the age of twenti and join anoth nativ of mirecourt , a naval offic name francoi chanot , in his experi to develop a new violin design . 
 ad to the sensit of peer ' investig was the fact that koster 's post-amer divis job was superintend of west point , one of the most prestigi assign in the militari . westmoreland himself had serv in the same posit en rout to becom chief of staff . 
 mr. fell 's introduct to dome mine was through the board room , not the mine shaft. he began his career in 1953 as a lawyer with dome mine ' longtim firm , fasken & calvin , and later serv as a dome director and vice chairman for his uncl , a. bruce matthew , a promin canadian businessman and then-chairman of dome . 
 sun co. said glenmed trust co. gradual will sell as mani as 2.7 million share , or 2.5 % , of sun 's common stock outstanding. glenmed serv as truste and fiduciari for a varieti of trust and estat and own about 30.2 million share , or 28 % , of sun . 
 meanwhil , the offic of manag and budget , which former play a big role in formul domest polici , has adopt a substanti reduc role under mr. miller. `` there doe n't seem to be ani particular origin think go on at omb , outsid of strict budget issu , '' say lawrenc kudlow , who serv as the agenc 's chief economist for two year under mr. miller 's predecessor , david stockman . 
 this bear onli the slightest resembl to current event in chicago. immedi after this articl appear , the central committe of the democrat parti of cook counti elect georg dunn , mr. vrdolyak 's predecessor as chairman , to serv again as chairman. the vote for mr. dunn was unanim , the first time that has occur in the 11 year i have serv on the committe . 
 they captur all the soviet offic on the staff of the other side , thus end the war games. by the middl 1930 's thousand of soviet boy and girl were grown-up and readi to serv in the forc . 
 chines premier zhao ziyang will continu serv concurr as act communist parti secretary-gener until a schedul parti congress in octob , vice premier yao yilin said . 
 it had start becaus the colonel and drew knew each other long befor either of them were connect with astronaut . they had serv togeth briefli in southeast asia and drew had done morrison some sort of favor . 
 but in cathol philanthrophi , mr. grace and his compani have few peers. abl to get by on four to five hour of sleep a night , mr. grace devot about 40 % of his spare time to serv as a director , benefactor or advis to more than 50 cathol chariti and educ institut , rang from st. vincent 's hospit in new york to the univers of notr dame . 
 his campaign against mr. hatcher for the democrat ' endors -- the win of which is tantamount to victori in the mayor race -- pose the toughest test for the gari mayor sinc he was first elect 20 year ago. mr. barn 's campaign has center on gari 's declin economi and whether mr. hatcher has serv for too long . 
 mr and mrs donald ellesworth , from barbado . donald , a dentist , serv in the r. a. f. dure the war and now practis in east finchley . 
 this is the committe for purchas of product and servic of the blind and other sever handicap . mr. hasbrook has been activ in indiana polit and has serv in both hous of the state legislatur . 
 this doctor also must be will to coordin care among the specialist who treat his patients. doctor of intern medicin also can serv as good primary-car physician , especi if they have had the train that qualifi them as a true generalist . 
 `` we re not lock out from the democrat parti as open gay peopl , '' say tom chorlton , past execut director of the nation associ of gay and lesbian democrat club , `` and we re go to be make aid an issue. '' gov. dukaki alreadi has felt the furi of homosexu who , anger over his refus to permit gay to serv as foster parent , critic him dure his reelect campaign and picket him dure the speech on boston common that open his campaign last month . 
 he 'd be replac as foreign minist by current ambassador to the u.s. anatoli f. dobrynin . gromyko has serv as foreign minist for 14 year and was himself ambassador to the u.s. befor that . 
 while volum have been written on the fundament sound , or lack thereof , of the administr 's provis of arm to iran and the divers of fund to the contra , one issu has been ignor : the natur and proprieti of the role of the activ militari offic on the nation secur council. it can be argu that involv offic in this process was a mistak , but a mistak inher in have activ militari personnel serv on the nsc staff . 
 the yale corpor , whose chairman is the presid of the univers , has alway featur a fair number of emin personag . the member includ ten successor fellow , a self-perpetu group that serv indefinit ; six alumni fellow elect by the alumni to six-year term ; and two ex-officio member , the governor and lieuten governor of connecticut . 
 deputi attorney general arnold burn has the final author over all such investig , includ whether mr. mees 's action warrant a formal crimin inquiry. mr. mees , as previous report , has acknowledg invest about $ 60,000 with a partnership set up by w. franklyn chinn , a san francisco invest manag who also serv as a director and a consult for wedtech . 
 he reach eltham , the home of jacki 's aunt , as jacki custi die . the young man , onli twenty-eight , had been serv as an aid on the general 's staff when he was taken ill . 
 in el salvador , a group of congression aid learn dure a februari visit that some u.s. food aid was use to prod local peasant into side with the government. in some villag , the food , which is distribut by the salvadoran militari under the sponsorship of the u.s. militari , was be given onli to those peasant who agre to serv in the rural civil defens . 
 i take strong except to jame p. sterba 's conclus in his feb. 27 editorial-pag articl that `` too mani '' non-lin troop who serv in vietnam do n't merit have the film `` platoon '' dedic to them . 
 anoth research call the action the `` friday afternoon massacre. '' senior offici at the fda were n't avail for comment yesterday , but one fda staff member familiar with the physician who serv on the advisori committe said that `` it was the press that believ this drug was go to pass the committe with fli color , but the committe simpli ask for what is alway requir -- proof of clinic effect . '' 
 sam reserv most of his ridicul for my former boss and those of us around him. it may be the fact that mr. reagan serv longer that provid sam with more ammunit , or perhap we had chronic foot-in-mouth diseas . 
 despit his degre in russian studi and intern econom from boston colleg and john hopkin school of advanc intern studi , he decid to forgo a promis career in east-west trade relat to becom a strateg consult for compani and state and local governments. he onc work for arthur andersen & co. and bain & co. , and has serv on presid reagan 's commiss for industri competit . 
 the first settler must have carri in their head recollect of the countri manor and rectori in which so mani of them had been rear . some were regiment offic who had serv in the american coloni , and in australia they drew on memori of a coloni architectur that had evolv in southern plantat and new england countri town . 
 initi , the unit will suppli generic drug for certain of it hmo member , the compani said. dr. philip s. schein , clinic professor of medicin and pharmacolog at georgetown univers , will serv as presid and chief execut offic of the new unit . 
 so some oil-industri type and their polit helper -- join by hope academician who had thrive energi consult career cut short by the 1981 measur -- are work up a campaign to get uncl sam back into the busi of energi price fixing. the tip-off came earli in novemb when georg m. keller , the chevron corp. ceo now serv as chairman of the american petroleum institut , propos that the feder govern help the industri set a `` minimum price '' for crude oil . 
 the late adlai stevenson was a man great admir for his intellig , integr and remark abil to express america 's ideal and aspir . he was also a man of experi , have serv as governor of illinoi . yet , have been twice defeat for presid , he serv no role in govern , until john f. kennedi , a member of the same parti as stevenson , appoint him ambassador to the unit nation . 
 indian offici said they base their latest court claim on document carbid 's indian unit submit to the government. the document , file between 1975 and 1981 , are request by the unit to extend the employ of l.j. couvara , a union carbid engin who serv as project manag dure construct of the bhopal plant , the indian paper state . 
 two incumb governor from the secur industri were renomin : r. john stanton jr. , presid and chief execut , rotan mosl inc. , and georg a. vonder linden , presid and chief execut , smith barney , harri upham & co. mr. jone and mr. johnson are serv the unexpir term of previous governor , and their nomin are consid a formal . 
 dee was care at first , but soon enough kelli had talk him into produc his wondrous crystal. after the proper prayer and incant , kelli offer to serv as skryer . 
 alabama school for the blind had eight particip in the american junior blind bowl associ fall tournament . mr. lewi kryger serv as their coach . 
 daniel j. boorstin , who has serv as librarian of congress for near a dozen year , announc he would leav the post `` to becom a full-tim citizen of the republ of letter . '' 
 congression investig say that mr. webster and one of his top aid , oliv `` buck '' revel , knew more about the secret arm shipment to iran -- and learn about them month earlier -- than previous disclosed. offici say that mr. revel found out about the iranian initi last juli or earli august , while serv on a super-secret feder anti-terror group with then-nat secur council aid lt. col. oliv north . 
 white and henkel were appoint nov. 7 to fill unexpir term on the three-memb bank board. becaus congress was n't in session then , they have serv without confirm . 
 at one time weight was a major problem dure the earli day of camp. but so mani of today 's athlet run summer camp and clinic , or serv as instructor , that it is conveni to work out . 
 congression investig want to determin whether mr. mees or his aid contact vice adm. poindext or other nsc offici befor the decis was made to resum the investig , and what may have been discussed. on abc-tv 's `` this week with david brinkley '' yesterday , rep. dant fascel ( d. , fla. ) , who will serv on the hous select panel investig the scandal , said the committe doe n't want to prolong the probe , but it wo n't rush `` just to get it over with . '' 
 succeed him as presid of the pharmaceut and health product concern will be georg ebright , smithklin 's 49-year-old chief oper officer. mr. ebright will serv as oper chief , as well as presid , smithklin said . 
 `` tell me exact what happen and what you did at canton . `` mereweth felt for a moment like a truant schoolboy summon befor the master , though this offic had serv as his first lieuten for six month and had been his close friend and confid . 
 nor did i say , `` honor thi father and thi mother `` ; becaus some parent are n't worth honor ; i hope to be , and if i am , my children will respect me anyway . i made the command about all men be equal befor the law the first one after i had serv on the juvenil juri here in fort worth . 
 the stake includ 113,000 share purchas on jan. 21 at price of $ 7.625 to $ 8.25 a share , the file said. mr. edelman said he has control the new york-bas compani , which leas stockyard , for about four year and serv as vice chairman of it board . 
 he was jealous becaus we had includ tawab on the trip ! abdul was use to be our onli afghan companion and alway serv as our interpret on ani trip . 
 mr. winn , 62 , has been an import fund-rais for sever republican candid , includ presid reagan and sen. armstrong. a former colorado gop chairman and gubernatori candid , mr. winn serv as assist secretari for hous and urban develop in the begin of the reagan administr . 
 wherehous director reject those bids. adler & shaykin has receiv financ commit from chemic new york corp. and equit capit manag corp. , and merril lynch capit market is serv as it financi advis for the buy-out , which will be complet by wei hold inc. , the compani form by adler & shaykin . 
 after the takeov of peopl express last month , it was been unclear what mr. burr would do. mr. burr also will serv as a director and chairman of the execut committe of continent airlin . 
 you have met general bonapart at my house. well then , it is he who wish to serv as father to the orphan of alexandr beauharnai , as husband to his widow . 
 walcott was his chief depend . he had serv his apprenticeship at the pay-tabl of connecticut , end as comptrol of his nativ state . 
 out of all this , the investor manag compani took in fee total $ 4,500,000 , with fundament investor shoulder $ 3,000,000 of the cost and it brother kick in the rest . the key man in the over-al oper was hugh w. long , who serv as presid not onli of the fund , but also of it three other special fund . 
 mr. gate , who hold a doctor in soviet histori from georgetown univers , was assign to the staff of the nation secur council from 1974 until 1979. he also has serv as the cia 's top soviet analyst . 
 carrier or messeng pigeon are also import compon of our arm forc . mani of them serv in the signal corp of the armi and air forc dure world war ii . 
 the orthodox would take the central superintend , embrac kansa ; while the hicksit would be respons for the northern superintend , includ nebraska. quaker were appoint as superintend in both region , and quaker agent were chosen to serv under them . 
 there are today about 4,500,000 salespeople. approxim nineti per cent of these sale worker serv as salespeopl in retail store , salespeopl in wholesal trade , manufactur ' sale repres , insur agent and broker , and real estat salesmen and broker . 
 after 7 minut 5 second , boucher score for the ranger who then went on , inspir , to win the cup . patrick remain with the ranger until 1946 , serv as their coach-gener manag until 1939 and as their general manag after he turn coach duti over to boucher . 
 the airlin pay high salari to their pilot , commensur with the profession standard they demand . usual after a young pilot is hire and train , he serv initi as a flight engin or a first offic ( co-pilot ) . 
 last may , depart offici announc the close of a lengthi crimin investig of the matter , which began in summer 1984 , without prosecut ms. ferraro or her spouse. but at the time , govern attorney held open the possibl of file a civil suit over ms. ferraro 's failur to disclos her husband 's financ on annual feder financi report while she serv in congress . 
 nathaniel t. reec , 40-year-old chief financi offic and presid of the newberi electr inc. unit , was elect to succeed mr. davi in the posts. mr. davi , 44 , continu as chairman and will serv as a consult , `` work on last-minut attempt to keep the compani out '' of bankruptcy-law proceed or to work with interest parti if the compani doe file . 
 throughout south america , for exampl , shaman is , with onli a few except , restrict to men. it is also predomin a male occup among the eskimo , while women rare serv as magician in australia , melanesia , and polynesia . 
 in it he say : `` give me just two or three men in a villag and i will take the villag . `` in the goldwat campaign of 1952 and 1958 and in all other campaign where i have serv as a consult , i have follow the advic of mao tse-tung . 
 in 1967 , there were 215 school under the depart of education. 7,892 teacher and staff member were employ by the depart for a total student enrol of 169,662 in the public school throughout the state. on the mainland , each communiti , citi , or counti elect a group of adult citizen to serv on a school board . 
 terenc anderson , judg hast 's lawyer , said later that the case against the judg is `` warmed-ov circumstanti evid '' and predict that there wo n't be an impeachment. judg hast , the first black feder judg in florida , continu to serv , and is be assign case . 
 the number of mci execut who knew befor yesterday was fewer `` than the finger you have on one hand , '' say one executive. dure the 10 year that mr. wright serv under mr. mcgowan as presid and chief oper offic , they were the corpor equival of the odd coupl . 
 green had approach me and i had agreed. short after i had bought the jewelri back the newspap fold and i was among the unemploy until green again approach me , this time to serv as the go-between in a kidnap . 
 although mr. gillespi rank as one of the youngest chief execut of a midwestern bank hold compani , he was tap as chief execut materi year ago. he said he was given `` veri disciplin train '' by serv in a wide varieti of post . 
 this veri english express of assent was elicit from isaac parker , a runaway sailor hide in new town , old calabar , by his host , dick ebro , son of a new town king . isaac parker had been serv as a sailor befor the mast on board the liverpool ship latham , which was command by an unpopular captain , georg colley , known for starv and ill-treat his crew . 
 the agenc also has permit the rapid expans in such `` shadow , '' or deriv , market of option on futur , which trader use in similar fashion to standard exchange-trad options. ms. phillip has been a `` general posit influenc on futur industri expans '' and serv at a `` pivot time '' in the growth of the industri , said william brodski , presid of the chicago mercantil exchang . 
 so mani were slain that the cossack bare had room enough to buri their dead . a singl nun who had left her church to join them serv as their onli nurs . 
 no alert . well , jame a. michen did want to be an elector , and becaus he serv his term , it 's quit possibl that the not-so-vener elector colleg will never be the same again . 
 brewer and brewster differ in their creed , but they were loyal partner and work well togeth . the former provid the necessari capit while the latter serv as general manag and editor-in-chief . 
 the earli missionari to lahaina , reverend and mrs. c. s. stewart , were accompani on their 1822 voyag to the sandwich island by `` betsi stockton , a color femal of educ and pieti , who had attach herself to mrs. stewart as a domest and assist missionari . `` ( this quot is from reverend stewart 's `` a resid in the sandwich island . `` ) dure her two and one-half year in hawaii , betsi stockton also serv as a teacher at lahaina . 
 `` i cough a lot and turn green '' . befor start the liabil project , mr. daynard serv as presid of the massachusett group against smoke pollut , or gasp , as the group is call . 
 she suggest one or two democrat who might be stay at one of the harrisburg hotel , but we could n't locat them , so final she said , `` mr. minehart , you ll just have to be a delegate. '' it was agre that minehart would serv in this emerg although he would have prefer not to . 
 the appoint end a five-month search for a successor to richard t. dibona , who suffer a stroke in februari 1986 and resign as presid and chairman last october. mr. burk , 57 , succeed frank a. brand , 62 , who serv as act chief execut offic . 
 william e. brown , 48 year old , a senior vice presid , was name to the addit posit of chief oper offic of this utility. he succeed leland r. nicholson , 63 , who remain presid but relinquish his oper duti to serv as a liaison with the communiti and to explor new busi opportun for the compani . 
 he previous was presid of lockheed-georgia. -- e. lloyd graham , 59 , who also will serv as general manag of the unit 's headquart oper . 
 `` there is an understand here that the kuomintang doe n't want the student movement to attract public attent or sympathi , '' say a senior journalist. the paper , china time and unit daili news , are privat own by execut who also serv as member of the parti 's central stand committe . 
 and permit loot ? i serv under him in the french and indian war , and but go on , boy . `` 
 his son had enter the armi : and young osborn follow present in the same regiment . they had serv in the west indi and in canada . 
 mr. mcclaughri , a former senior polici advis in the reagan white hous , serv on the central america task forc . 
 the 45-year-old mr. erra succeed ray mendoza , 56 , who had held the post on an interim basi sinc last month. last month dougla c. werner resign as presid and chief execut after serv eight month at the helm of this oper of health mainten organ . 
 in particular , bank seek to underwrit secur figur they will gain a more sympathet ear at the fed. mr. greenspan is `` a real devote of deregul , '' say feder deposit insur corp. chairman william seidman , who work with the pend new fed chairman when both serv in the ford white hous . 
 senior offici at the fda were n't avail for comment yesterday , but one fda staff member familiar with the physician who serv on the advisori committe said that `` it was the press that believ this drug was go to pass the committe with fli color , but the committe simpli ask for what is alway requir -- proof of clinic effectiveness. '' some doctor familiar with the physician who serv on the advisori committe said they believ the fda staff maneuv committe member into make their decis . 
 admiss ticket must be sold in advanc , and this call for a squad of aggress student-sales-people. and , when the big day come , quit a number of boy and girl must be readi to serv as ticket agent and usher . 
 `` well as a matter of fact , i have found somebody. and i ve alreadi ask him , and he 's will to serv as our sponsor and to talk for us at the town council meet tomorrow . '' 
 jess jackson , who is consid anoth run for the presid , has said that he expect mr. hatcher to play a major role in a 1988 campaign. in 1984 , mr. hatcher serv as mr. jackson 's nation campaign chairman . 
 `` the system has to be unlock , and i 'm not hold my breath until we get a presid who 's strong enough to do that , '' say gen. secord. the memori of vietnam , where virtual all the militari offic in the network serv , play a part in shape this outlook . 
 most of our peopl grin from ear to ear , not that the whole thing had been a hoax , but that they were serv under a man who would n't be cow by a ship carri twice the firepow of his own . `` if morri and other aboard the constitut had been a bit dubious about the privileg of serv under a peevish disciplinarian , prebl , in his turn , had been entertain some doubt concern his offic . 
 he has been on the staff of the johnson publish compani of chicago , illinoi , as an associ editor , and has been the new york editor of jet magazin and an associ editor of eboni magazin . for sever year he serv as a member of the public relat committe of the interraci council for busi opportun , a voluntari organ to aid small black busi enterpris . 
 most part-tim legisl believ that they wo n't be reelect if they do n't pass at least three or four bill everi session. mr. ledbett , who serv five term in the arkansa legislatur , call it a trade-off . 
 but mr. rule assert that legisl is n't necessary. mr. rule , who has serv as temporari head of the antitrust divis twice in the past two year , has a reput as a fervent , sometim abras champion of the free market . 
 in the gloomi hour befor sunris on decemb 15 , i head westward through a blizzard to harrisburg , to play my role as a member of the state elector college. the old parliamentarian who would supervis the proceed had explain over the telephon that the other democrat elector had been consult , and they want me to serv as their presid . 
 `` he had sound cautious , but don was alway cautious about commit himself to anyth ; if they like the idea it might be an excel nich for roddi , and would veri probabl help to pull don and audrey out of the middle-ag sluggish into which they were gradual settl . don had come to england to volunt for aircrew duti in the r. a. f. in 1941 , and later serv as a wireless oper with a bomber crew . 
 sinc that time , pse vice chairman dougla j. engmann has serv as act chief execut and chairman of the exchang 's board of governors. mr. mann , who hold a doctor in econom from syracus univers , was vice chairman of becker pariba for six year prior to it acquisit by merril lynch & co. , and befor that serv for five year as presid and chief execut of the feder home loan bank of san francisco. he serv in 1969-70 as assist director of the feder offic of manag and budget . 
 georg mercer , washington 's armi friend , had been appoint in charg of stamp for virginia. he came to williamsburg and public declin to serv . 
 as report previous , mr. somer will becom presid and chief oper offic of initials+ inc. , a san francisco-bas retailer. ms. bass current serv as execut vice presid and general merchandis manag of feder 's bloomingdal 's divis in new york . 
 the presid can not expect to carri out his polici if he is n't elect , and he can not get elect without a polici that appeal to the electorate. ( in my own view , the import of an arms-control agreement to the achiev of wide-bas popular support for ani administr has been massiv exagger , but it is undeni that such a connect has exist in the mind and calcul of senior administr officials. ) those who serv on the nsc staff are expect to reflect an understand of this interact between domest polit imper and national-secur object . 
 moreov , chairmen of the hous and senat judiciari committe last month urg mr. mckay to investig alleg that the attorney general `` invest in a compani known to have tie to wedtech. '' mr. mees has acknowledg invest about $ 60,000 with a partnership establish by w. franklyn chinn , a san francisco invest manag who also serv as a director and a consult for wedtech . 
 as command in chief , he return this generos tenfold. he was constant on the look for talent young men ( like 20-year-old alexand hamilton and 19-year-old marqui de lafayett ) to serv as his aid , and he becam extrem fond of most of them . 
 they have four children . dure world war ii , dr. mitchel serv in the u.s. navi , in the european , african , and middl eastern theatr . 
 the progeni of this puritan clung to new england until capt . noah grant , have serv throughout the revolut , emigr to pennsylvania in 1790 and later to ohio . 
 befor that , he was vice presid for technolog of sear world trade , a unit of chicago-bas sear , roebuck & co. mr. wood also serv as assist secretari for public affair at the defens depart from 1976 to 1977 . 
 in recent year , good salari and live allow have attract mani agricultur technician to foreign service. some enter the servic as u.s. govern employe , or serv as guest technician in foreign land . 
 on the eve of the volcker announc , mr. volpicella sold about $ 4 million to buy japanes yen at 145 yen to the dollar , on the belief that the fed chairman would n't be reappoint and the dollar would fall. his hunch was base part on report that mr. volcker 's wife was oppos to his serv a third term at the fed . 
 ronald reagan might like this new u.s. constitut : the presid can serv an unlimit number of term . 
 it was passag of the nation environment polici act of 1969 that set in motion a major expans of the feder involv in the environment crusad . that law creat the council on environment qualiti under the chairmanship of russel train , a well-known conservationist who had serv in the interior depart . 
 the long-await jubile had come . these former slave prove a great help to sherman ; men serv as guid and labor ; women cook and launder . 
 the major were better repres by men like senat jefferson davi of mississippi who , while appar commit to the idea of southern nation , were not convinc that the time and circumst were propiti in 1850 , and were will to co-oper with the compromis element within the democrat parti to the limit extent necessari to maintain a sympathet govern in washington . with such a point of view , davi serv as secretari of war in the cabinet of presid franklin pierc . 
 they had graze some two mile dure the two hour sinc noon camp ; then , come into a region where the grass was spotti , strung them out . blacki and martinez were on the point ; professor , cori , dandi , and baldi serv as outrid ; scott and shorti had the hard labor of push the drag . 
 mr. freiman , 52 , has serv in a varieti of posit dure his 24 year at the pharmaceut compani , most recent as execut vice presid for pharmaceut and agribusi . 
 i have had littl time for loll about this year. the credit union , where i serv as manag , treasur , loan offic and secur offic , has grown consider . 
 a free-lanc word processor figur the two-week jury-duti stint would cost her $ 1,200 ; she , too , never got to serve. most peopl recogn their duti to serv on a juri . 
 they do not stand up for ani nation anthem or salut ani flag , for these are but earth symbol and to honour them would verg on idolatry. they will not serv in ani armi , for there is onli one just caus and that is the caus of the lord . 
 mr. pezim , who help found the compani , said he would press his feud against management. mr. pezim said the board had broken an agreement under which he was to have continu to serv in an `` execut posit '' with the compani . 
 it hard seem possibl that it has been two year sinc i last submit a statement for a directorship on the board . i have enjoy serv on the board for the past twelv year and hope that your vote will make it possibl for me to continu for anoth biennium . 
 inde , his critic believ he know it too well. for a brief three year in the earli 1970s , he serv in the bottom tier of the foreign servic in lao and belgium . 
 the senior hamilburg continu as a director for the maker of rubber band and other products. mauric hamilburg previous serv as execut vice presid . 
 unhappili , there was no trophi to show for this fourth american naval triumph of octob , 1812 . jacob jone was a strang man , older than most of the offic who had serv with commodor prebl . 
 throughout the meal they talk of hors . loomi had onc serv in a cavalri regiment and had hunt at melton mowbray ; the american own a ranch in arizona and bred quarter hors . 
 -- the govern exert leverag over union by set the minimum wage , fix price on basic commod , underwrit a worker ' bank and hous fund , adjud workplac disput , determin the legal of strike , and wink at ubiquit corruption. -- even though it legitimaci has declin , the pri 's imprimatur remain essenti to labor candid eager to serv in the congress and elsewher -- in 1985 , to propiti the union movement , labor 's represent was increas to 25 % of the pri 's deleg within the chamber of deputi , and ctm stalwart also hold the governorship of three state , campech , durango and nayarit . 
 as one who serv on presid carter 's staff in his hour of travail , i rememb well the generous support of the wall street journal follow the fail attempt in april of 1980 to rescu our hostag in iran . 
 what upset congress more than the divers of fund is the administr 's decis to use privat citizen , includ foreign agent and arm merchant , to carri out secret foreign initi without consult congress. this privat of american foreign polici `` is far more import than waterg , '' charg sen. inouy , who serv on the senat waterg committe 14 year ago . 
 appli himself assidu to learn the spoken and written languag of china , includ mongolian , he so impress kublai khan that the ruler made him his person emissari , send him on import mission across his vast dominion . he even serv three year as governor of the rich citi of yangchow , a center of arm manufactur , with 24 town under his jurisdict . 
 in addit , they say he want to butter up attorney general edwin mees , who has been campaign against pornographi and whose support mr. fowler need to push through telecommun legislation. `` when the critic ( by conserv ) end , the fcc 's action will end , '' predict bruce fein , who onc serv as fcc general counsel under mr. fowler . 
 rod canion is presid , and jame m. harri is vice presid , engineering. mr. murto said he plan to attend the univers of st. thoma in houston to earn a master 's degre in religi educ , and then hope to becom a deacon -- a layman with certain respons in the cathol church -- or serv as an execut in non-profit group . 
 mr. segawa went to the front door , but the man derid him as a lowli `` stock peddler '' and told him to enter through the kitchen. to mr. tokuyama , who also serv as the dean of the nomura school of advanc manag , mr. segawa 's experi offer a clue to nomura 's drive . 
 and whi was his voic , bare audibl in person , scream loudest in the wilder , often drown out the more conserv voic of the n. a. a. c. p. , the urban leagu and other high respect negro organ ? i ask malcolm x , who serv as my guid through the intricaci of islam , some of these same question late one night as we drove along the noisi street of harlem . 
 mr. murril in novemb step down as chief execut , take a pay cut of $ 100,000. he will continu to serv on the board and as a special advis to mr. draper , 44 . 
 two deleg , call burgess , were elect from each of eleven larg plantat ; their duti was to establish a colleg and school . the burgess serv under a council and the governor , appoint in london . 
 he help to organ the coloni 's first militia , and play a lead role in the creation of it paper currenc . for 16 year he serv as postmast of philadelphia , a job that he took to protect his newspap . ( it was the habit of postmast to permit the mail onli of newspap they own . ) 
 messrs. norri and o'dea have sinc deni that they are look to serv on the board . 
 then , eye me close , he told me that the black panther would like for me to join their party. `` you could serv as a minist of inform . '' 
 short , stocki isaac hull , in the argus , was steadi and capabl , a man to be count on solid , as was red-head , littl charl stewart who had the syren . and there were other , lieuten and midshipmen serv under these men , who had the make of fine offic wadsworth , lawrenc , macdonough , and morri , for instanc . 
 sinc there are nine member of the court , one seat would becom vacant everi two year , assur each presid the right to appoint , with senat approv , two justic ( four if the presid were reelect ) . whenev a justic , for whatev reason , fail to complet his term , the presid would name a successor , but that successor would serv onli the unexpir portion of the term for which his predecessor had been appoint . 
 for instanc , g. william domhoff , a sociologist at the univers of california at santa cruz , who also write about leadership , disput mr. baltzel 's content that upper-class leadership is declining. mr. domhoff point to the 1988 presidenti candidaci of pierr s. dupont iv and the fact that member of sever promin famili still serv in the senat . 
 i doubt he is go to arous ani antagonism. '' the departur of mr. shad , who has serv as sec chairman for a record six year , is n't expect to trigger ani staff shakeup or an exodus of personnel . 
 a former mgm/ua entertain co. product execut claim that his compani -- one of hollywood 's weakest major studio befor it was dissolv in the last year -- suffer becaus it was shut off from caa 's best project in 1984 after a dinner at which one of it top offic offend mr. ovitz by `` tri to tell him how to run his agency. '' on the other hand , sever sourc say mr. ovitz chose at about the same time to support tri-star pictur inc. as a new studio -- and custom -- by arrang for mr. pollack , the director , to serv as it `` creativ consult . '' 
 `` control obvious went awri , '' mr. tulli said. merril lynch ad that former secretari of state william p. roger and former secur and exchang commiss member irv m. pollack will serv as advis to senior merril lynch execut in `` an intens review '' of the firm 's trade polici . 
 `` there seem to have been no major blunder in mr. yamamoto 's mangement , '' he said. sixty-year-old mr. furuta serv in sever senior miti post befor retir in 1981 . 
 head by lewi lehrman , the former drugstor tycoon , it has done everyth from sponsor nation tour by contra leader to print `` fact book '' warn of the sandinista ' communist subvers of the region. mr. lehrman , a recent convert to catholic , also serv with mr. grace on sever cathol chariti , includ the knight . 
 in march , asher edelman , the takeov artist who serv as chairman of datapoint corp. , express everi confid in his act chief execut offic -- dori bencsik , who was believ to be the highest-rank execut woman in the comput industri . 
 -- sing `` america , the beauti '' in honor of amerigo vespucci , `` who gave his name to this contin , and save the live of countless earli seafar and colonist by recommend pickl veget be eaten to ward off the sick known as scurvy. '' -- write to the suprem court bemoan the fact that a frankfurt ( felix ) and a burger ( warren ) have serv as justic , but no pickl . 
 mr. gray has been eager to resolv the problem of financi corp. befor leav office. and though mr. gray will serv until his successor , congression staffer m. danni wall , is confirm , he is n't expect to remain in offic much longer than june 30 . 
 john herrington , energi secretari , and former transport secretari drew lewi , now presid of union pacif corp. , are consid to be lead candid for mr. regan 's job. other possibl candid includ former nevada sen. paul laxalt ; a former white hous congression affair director , kenneth duberstein ; labor secretari william brock , educ secretari william bennett , and treasuri secretari jame baker , who serv as chief of staff in mr. reagan 's first term . 
 `` peter sort of channel peopl to our organ , '' she says. mr. grace 's `` rescu '' mission conclud a stormi 20-year relationship with mr. john , who in 1960 had ask him to serv as de ranc 's treasur and as it repres on miller brew 's board . 
 he is a truste of barnard colleg , a member of the advisori council of the nation cultur center , and the dramatist guild. he was select by governor rockefel to serv on the committe of the state council on the art a pioneer attempt to send theatric and music event to communiti throughout new york state . 
 while mani analyst and competitor are negat about mr. popejoy 's strategi for put american save on firm foot , those who have work with mr. popejoy are more positive. `` i think he has done an outstand job with a situat that i believ is imposs to solv , '' say ernest m. fleischer , chairman of a larg kansa thrift who serv as a financi corp. consult . 
 miss clair culhan 's descript of gi attitud toward the vietnames can be found in her unpublish diari , kept while she was in quang ngai provinc and avail from her at 6876 sherbrook street , west , no. 20 , montreal 262 , quebec , canada . dr. gordon s. livingston , baltimor , maryland , who former serv with colonel patton in south vietnam , told of the prejudic of u.s. hospit offici in the saturday review , septemb 20 , 1969 . 
 legal expert expect that whoever is chosen as independ counsel will have unpreced leeway in shape the crimin investigation. the lead candid appear to be retir feder judg lawrenc walsh , 74-year-old former presid of the american bar associ , diplomat and justic depart offici , who serv in the eisenhow and nixon administr . 
 iron , the pollard scandal explod just as u.s.-isra intellig cooper was at it best , with mr. casey set the tone. some isra sourc in washington fear that the tenur of the new cia director , william webster , may be a throwback to the time of mr. colbi and adm. stansfield turner , who serv dure the carter administr . 
 mr. sprinkel made the comment in an interview after announc his plan to leav the govern and return to chicago , where he has spent most of his life. he has been with the reagan administr sinc earli 1981 , serv first as undersecretari of the treasuri and then becom chairman of the council of econom advis 2 1/2 year ago . 
 mr. frank , chairman of southwest forest , said in an interview that his discuss with roger w. stone , chairman of stone contain , began `` in the latter part of last year. '' mr. frank said he had known mr. stone for mani year and that they serv as director of a paper industri trade group . 
 i do n't have anyth against vietnam veteran ' solidarity. everyon who serv time -- air-condit or not -- in vietnam share certain common feel and experi . 
 justic depart offici over the weekend also confirm the post 's report that mr. mees is consid whether to withdraw his invest from a partnership set up by financi manag intern inc. franklyn chinn , head of the san francisco-bas invest firm , has serv as a consult to wedtech and his activ are under scrutini by feder prosecutor . 
 if the dam fail , the probabl maximum flood on the santa ana river would inund 1.3 million resid in anaheim and other suburb and caus as much as $ 40 billion in damag , most in orang counti , accord to the corp 's risk assessment. mr. gianelli , who serv as california 's water resourc director under gov. ronald reagan , remain unpersuad . 
 the 1987 presid of the kingsvill chamber of commerc is dr. steve altman , current presid of texa a & i. dr. altman also serv two year as presid of a miami-area chamber of commerc while presid of florida intern univers . 
 dure more than five decad as a lawyer , the vigor 74-year-old has earn widespread respect and admir in other job as well. as a state prosecutor in new york , he pursu organ crime in the late 1930s , serv as a feder judg from 1954 to 1957 , and was deputi attorney general for the final three year of the eisenhow administr . 
 sandra had sat down by the thinnest boy , who wore a small christ-lik beard round the rim of his jaw , and was fondl his hand . the other boy stare at his shoe , smoke in sharp puff , and june saw with astonish that he was the assist who serv at the cold meat counter at the grocer 's in the main street . 
 sinc mr. maxwel 's not go to retir soon , i guess he was seek other opportunities. '' mr. cahouet is the fourth presid to serv under mr. maxwel , succeed mark riedi , who left in juli 1986 after onli 18 month . 
 john l. lesher , a senior execut with paris-bas manag consult mar & co. , was name presid and chief execut offic of home group financi servic inc. , a unit of home group inc. , the new york-bas insur hold compani said. mr. lesher also will serv as senior vice presid for plan at the parent compani . 
 now his hero was more fascin than ever ; he had seen foreign place and could tell tale of ship and battl . lawrenc had serv on the flagship and was the friend of a real admir . 
 there is no snow in ... andr malraux , the grand old man of french literatur and de gaull 's minist of cultur , is the veteran of mani a guerrilla action : the chines revolut , the spanish civil war , and the french resist dure world war ii. now malraux has decid to put his experi into use with an offer to serv as a soldier in the rank of the bengali separatist of bangla desh . 
 this object would make adl system one of the top 15 softwar hous . presid of the new compani is dr. bernard w. romberg , who was respons for mani of adl 's largest system implement project and most recent serv as head of the inform technolog group in adl 's manag scienc divis . 
 he organ the montgomeri welfar leagu to help poor peopl get on relief . he establish the first uso club for negro in montgomeri and serv as chairman of the local naacp for more than two decad . 
 `` i 'd work all my life and i 'd never stop to smell the flower , '' say mr. gluck , who began his career hold down job as a waiter and launch a small advertis specialti busi while he was a student at the wharton school at the univers of pennsylvania. in the 10 year between monogram and caesar world , mr. gluck say he did almost everyth he intend to do when he retir , includ learn to ski , improv his tenni game , take extend vacat to europ with his wife and children , and serv on various educ committe . 
 the tribe , those that were left , show that they still had a power to help themselv if they were encourag to use it . in world war ii , about 25,000 indian serv in the arm forc . 
 some say that de gaull feel about franc the way ( historian jule ) michelet felt about joan of arc yet michelet never consid himself to be joan of arc . the case is inde without preced , particular sinc here the hero serv as his own historian . 
 the surpris decis of donald regan to propos increas corpor tax by $ 150 billion , for instanc , could hard have been expected. mr. regan , after all , was the former chairman of merril lynch & co. and serv as treasuri secretari under a presid who onc said there is no justif for tax corpor incom . 
 in day gone by the chang at sea were measur by centuri . an offic who serv under christoph columbus in the santa maria would not have experienc too much troubl if he came aboard the constitut 300 year later . 
 the american stock exchang nomin committe propos eight new candid to serv on the exchang 's 25-member board of governor , and renomin two current board member . 
 david l. winn , a physician , was name to the board , succeed j. eugen stubb , former the softwar compani 's chief financi offic and senior vice presid , financ and administration. dr. winn serv on the compani 's board between 1977 and 1984 and is a son of the compani 's founder and brother of it presid . 
 in recruit mr. cohen , data access issu him warrant to buy one million unissu common share at 10 cent and addit warrant for 2.5 million share at $ 1 each. a spokesman for data access said mr. cohen , the compani 's control sharehold , sold 1.8 million of his 2.6 million common share to phoenix financi corp. , where mr. ackerman serv as chairman and chief execut . 
 he carri picket sign befor he pick up his first set of tool as an apprentic at the heidrich tool & die co. in oak park , mich. even so , mr. yokich is part of the new wave of uaw leadership -- the first group that did n't serv under walter p. reuther , a uaw co-found and presid for more than three decad . 
 regenc said that joseph e. boon , who was presid and chief execut offic as well as chairman , has resigned. mr. boon , 50 year old , declin to comment , but the compani said he agre to serv as a consult seek buyer for regenc 's consum busi . 
 mr. henkel and lawrenc white , both appoint to the three-memb bank board nov. 7 after congress adjourn without act on their nomin , were renomin friday. becaus the senat was n't in session when the two men were appoint , they were abl to serv without confirm . 
 i even got to play a small role onc as a priest in de sica 's bicycl thief . in all , i serv as an assist on 58 film . 
 mr. conabl said he will appoint a senior offic to a new posit in charg of coordin program for heavili indebt countries. appoint of the offici , who also will serv as a `` financi intermediari '' in packag credit from the world bank and commerci bank , signal a new emphasi at the world bank on lend to help develop countri deal with overal debt problem . 
 he was an earli and vigor critic of the court-pack plan , and final with the come of world war ii , he fought the presid on the repeal of the arm embargo and oppos u.s. effort to rearm the alli . senat wheeler serv continu in the unit state senat from 1928 to 1947 . 
 yasser arafat was reelect as the leader of a reunifi plo by the 340-member palestinian nation council , which end a six-day meet in algiers. terrorist abu abba , who is want in the 1985 hijack of the achill lauro , was reelect to serv `` provision '' on the plo 's govern board , sourc said . 
 the exchang said that a committe will be appoint by the merc board to hear charg of violat of these propos and to monitor trade under the new rules. the merc also propos that group member not be allow to serv on the same disciplinari or pit committe . 
 eventu , there were over six thousand document case of impress , and the number may have been as great as ten thousand by 1812 . certain , more american serv in the british navi dure the period than the unit state navi requir for it total manpow . 
 new exec vp donald stoke ' background is less well-round , but enterpris : he develop a coin-oper shoeshin machin that becam franchis nation , and at one time was a partner of the chicken delight man , a. l. tunick ... . after two year as board chairman of data network corp. , late rechristen mega system , inc. , h. l. meckler has resign , no reason given , no replac yet ... . anoth resign for person reason is c. r. hall , presid of appli time share , inc. , a bunker-ramo affili in villanova , pa. he is succeed by guy e. warner , a bunker-ramo man , as is new board chairman frank c. casilla . both also have long ge manag experi , and casilla also serv with rand . 
 georg n. friedland , 79 , the retir chairman of exet intern corp. , a privat boston hold compani , was appoint chairman. david golder , also 79 and the retir execut vice presid of exet , was appoint to the board and will serv as compani secretari . 
 `` we may not satisfi all congression critic of busi , but we think that most corpor and major account firm will recogn the need for these chang , '' ad mr. treadway , a former secur and exchang commiss member who has just been name general counsel of painewebb inc. , a secur firm. in one of the most sweep chang , the panel urg that the sec be given more power by congress to impos fine , bring ceas and desist proceed , and bar or suspend violat from serv as corpor offic or director . 
 attain the second level mean a $ 2,000 rais , while the third level is worth $ 3,000 a year. in addit to their regular classroom duti , teacher at the second and third level serv as mentor for new teacher and help to develop instruct materi . 
 mr. sawicz , 39 year old , will succeed anthoni j. hanlon , 46 , who the compani said has resign to `` devot his time to privat interests. '' mr. hanlon will continu to serv as a consult to the compani and it princip subsidiari , discount corp. of new york . 
 when they reach the bank of the gray don , warrior were wait with a flat barg to float the sack of food and powder down the river to the fort. becaus he want to join his brother , stenka went on the massiv barg , take his black hors with him , although he was still too young to serv in a cossack regiment . 
 he 's our new brigadier. upon my recommend , and that of general heintzelman , general kearni has select you to serv on his staff . 
 the writer serv in 1980-81 on the depart of energi 's senior advisori board . 
 iran provid arm merchant manuch ghorbanifar with near $ 87 million -- substanti more than previous indic -- while he serv as the main middleman for u.s. arm sale to iran , accord to the tower commiss report . 
 as the financi oblig of the khoo famili and nation bank grew , such borrow escal sharpli , rise to $ 228 million at the end of last octob from $ 129 million at the end of 1985 and just $ 32 million at the end of 1983. document obtain in the nation bank investig also shed new light on one of the central mysteri of the affair : the close but enigmat relationship between the khoo famili and brunei 's rule royal famili , head by 40-year-old sultan hassan bolkiah , who has serv as both monarch and prime minist sinc brunei 's independ in 1984 . 
 a few , exempt from the draft for one reason or anoth , went to china where they serv in the friend ambul unit , convoy medic suppli and later offer war relief on both side of the chines civil war . other serv in india , where the afsc was ask to help dure the famin of 1944 . 
 by this time , there was a solid foundat stock of kennel-rais canaan , mani of which were train to guid the blind , a servic they perform today . serv in other capac , canaan guard israel 's border and factori , and protect home and children . 
 the busi system sector had a loss of $ 30 million last year on revenu of $ 272.3 million. john n. lemast , contel 's presid and chief execut offic , will serv as act execut for the busi system sector . 
 a fierc propon of the right of the peopl , an adversari to all that would vest govern in the hand of a few , he suffer more defeat of his individu propos than almost ani other deleg , yet in the end his larger idea prevail . after his work at the convent , he help write pennsylvania 's second constitut , serv in congress and on the feder suprem court , where he deliv sever pace-set opinion . 
 at one annual meet , he told sharehold he had forgotten his note and then sent someon back to the offic to get them. he succeed his father as chairman and chief execut in 1984 , though the senior mr. lewi , 66 , continu to serv as chairman of the board 's execut committe and goe to his headquart offic everi day . 
 one possibl is the saarland 's governor , oskar lafontain , who favor a loosen of germani 's tie to the north atlant treati organization. anoth name mention frequent is volker hauff , a member of parliament who serv in the cabinet of former chancellor helmut schmidt . 
 houghton mifflin co. said that michael janeway , who resign last year as editor of the boston globe , will becom execut editor of the textbook publish 's trade and refer division. mr. janeway , current a fellow at harvard univers 's john f. kennedi school , serv as special assist to secretari of state cyrus vanc from 1977 to 1978 and had been manag editor of the atlant magazin . 
 the presidenti appoint tower commiss , describ what it call a general `` insensit to legal issu '' at the highest level of the reagan administr , challeng some of mr. mees 's legal conclus and activities. `` if he ( mr. mees ) had ani doubt at all '' about the legal or proprieti of certain deal with iran , `` he should have gotten a formal legal opinion '' from the justic depart 's offic of legal counsel , say former attorney general griffin bell , a democrat who serv in the carter administr . 
 from 1958 to 1984 , local 560 was boss by mr. provenzano , a reput member of the vito genoves crime gang , and his two brother , salvator and nunzio provenzano. the three are current in feder prison for crime commit while serv as local 560 offic . 
 mr. elliot move to mbia from his posit as vice presid of financi guarante for aetna. john butler , now presid of municip issuer servic corp. , will serv as vice chairman of mbia . 
 head of the western confer sinc 1958 , he has been appoint by the last two governor of california to a number of state board . for a time he serv as a regent of the univers of california . 
 u.s. state depart offici for two year have unsuccess strain to make uno power enough to control the nicaraguan democrat forc , known by the spanish initi fdn , the main contra army. alfonso robelo , a moder contra and one of two member of the current uno director , say he wo n't serv in a new seven-man director expect to be form within three week if conserv adolfo calero , who resign from the current director in februari , take a seat on the same panel . 
 befor i reach the age of 17 , i gain much practic experi sail on lake constanc , where i learn to handl near everi kind of sailboat from a nutshel to a 60-foot , two-mast yacht . at 18 i serv a six-month hitch as an apprentic aboard a schooner sail the baltic and north sea . 
 the commiss appoint by the faculti of medicin includ sever lead figur from differ scienc . one was benjamin franklin , then seventy-eight year old and serv as the american ambassador to franc . 
 member of the chamber of deputi are elect on the basi of popul , just as member of our hous of repres are. they serv for term of three year ; in our hous of repres member serv for term of two years. s watch a tv program in which the presid of the unit state appear . 
 those not in written form were given verbal by the various chairmen or committe members. name were then submit to serv on the nomin committe for the annual convent . 
 ex-treasuri secretari robert anderson admit in feder court to sever tax-evas scheme and illeg oper an offshor bank. anderson serv under eisenhow . 
 after be releas from a cuban prison , he join the unit state navi as a midshipman . like his famous father , porter first serv in the constel . 
 mr. stursberg , 66 , relinquish the chairman 's job and becam a compani director in 1986 so that he could devot more time to other busi ventures. in addit to his new post , mr. ciasullo , 50 , will continu to serv as presid and chief oper offic of the maker of comput workstat , printer and relat softwar and equip . 
 besid deal with chronic deficit in past year , she also has had to contend with labor discord as execut director of consum union , the nonprofit foundat that publish the magazine. a lawyer , ms. karpatkin has held the post sinc 1974 ; she previous serv as the foundat 's outsid attorney . 
 you know the languag , loui , and the kikuyu trust you. will you serv on the committe ? 
 `` but realli , it 's such silli putty. '' nonetheless , the emphasi on number has chang the way congress work by diminish the influenc of the author committe , on which most member serv . 
 the british influenc is also appar in detroit 's new `` beat command `` project , launch sever month ago in a heavili negro area with a crime rate that is abov the city-wid averag and rising. instead of be constant shift about , two dozen policemen will serv for an entir year in a rough one-square-mil area contain about 15,000 peopl . 
 mattel inc. said raymond w. ferri , who serv on an execut committe that briefli ran the toy compani , resign as execut vice presid for strateg plan . 
 `` some of the most sleazi charact you can imagin were bilk peopl through this ad hoc process. '' among other thing , mr. walsh and congression investig have document and testimoni indic that col. north and robert owen , who serv as a courier to contra group , were awar of , and appar condon , plan to secret siphon off profit to some contra support . 
 of those who serv in vietnam onli a minor bore the full brunt . 
 then mr. kirbi end the day by plunk himself in front of the televis to take in a basketbal game and an america 's cup yacht race. other chief execut may feel lost away from the hustl and bustl of corpor life , but not mr. kirbi , who retir in 1983 after serv nine year as chairman of the electr equip and broadcast concern . 
 but there was one occas , at least , that stand out in my memori as both excit and unique. in septemb 1960 i was ask to serv on the american deleg to the interparliamentari union , which was meet in tokyo that year . 
 he is onli the fourth presid of the compani , found by w.c. coleman in 1900 , and the third famili member to hold the position. mr. jone , who serv as presid for 14 year through 1985 , was the onli non-famili member to serv in that post . 
 did you know that it take as long or longer for a pilot to qualifi for command of an aircraft as it doe for a doctor to qualifi for practic ? seven year is the averag time a co-pilot serv befor he wear the covet four stripe of a captain . 
 `` we could walk into ani night club , `` said muzz patrick , `` and the patron would stand and cheer . `` thirteen ranger serv in world war ii , virtual ruin the franchis . 
 sir geoffrey is a good diplomat and he doe n't come right out and say that one of the good thing about lord blake is that he would be content to be a figurehead. to make his point , he mention the time lord curzon serv as chancellor . 
 `` i never heard that. do you think he would consent to serv as my `` friend , '' sir ? '' 
 atlant richfield co. said john a. gavin , the former u.s. ambassador to mexico who becam an arco vice presid last june , is resign to head a spanish-languag communic company. mr. gavin , 55 year old and an actor befor he serv as mexican ambassador from 1981 to 1986 , was name presid of univisa satellit communic , a close held concern base in los angel . 
 as previous report , the transact was financ with $ 160 million in long-term debt from a group of bank , a bridg loan by donaldson lufkin , and equiti invest by hick & haa and donaldson lufkin. palco acquisit co. , which was form to acquir palco , also includ jame n. mill , a hick & haa partner who will serv as chairman , presid and chief execut offic of the compani . 
 manuel a. estrella , presid of the compani , which is known as pnoc , and other on the six-memb board met with govern propon of the denation plan led by vicent paterno , a philippin senat and former pnoc president. under mr. paterno 's direct , the board had accept the govern 's plan and had begun to activ court foreign investor , includ british petroleum plc and kuwait petroleum corp. onli two member of the current board serv dure mr. paterno 's tenur as pnoc presid . 
 mr. fisk , who was in washington yesterday for testimoni on robert bork 's nomin to the suprem court , declin to comment. he was appoint manhattan u.s. attorney by presid ford and serv in that post until 1980 , person tri case against heroin traffick leroy `` nicki '' barn and labor figur anthoni m. scotto . 
 master command oliv hazard perri , who commiss the make of the flag in a frontier settlement on lake eri , was not one of prebl 's boy , although he might well have claim kinship through associ , as did the philadelphia offic . a lieuten in the adam of richard morri ' squadron , perri had miss serv under prebl by the narrowest of margin when he decid to go home in the fall of 1803 . 
 last year alon , three democrat left the senat budget committe ; four of the six democrat who join the panel are newcom to the senate. one of those freshmen , timothi wirth of colorado , previous serv on the hous budget committe , and he onc remark : `` the pleasur i felt when i got on the budget committe was exceed onli by the pleasur i had get off it . '' 
 he know veri well what real censorship is and how danger it is. he has been a member of iti and now serv as it presid becaus he understand it crucial role is in inspir exchang between artist and in protect them . 
 the nsc is part and parcel of the white hous structur , and decis on nation secur can not be made in a domestic-polici vacuum. while serv as head of the nsc , mr. kissing maintain , for exampl , that presid nixon 's approach to an arms-control agreement was total abov domestic-polici consider . 
 the roman made better use of their cattl than did the greek , and the roman herd provid food , labor and hide . chees was a major food in the roman diet and was introduc into germani , england , franc , switzerland and the low countri by roman serv in those land . 
 consid richard m. nixon . he serv as congressman and senat from california , then was twice elect vice-presid , distinguish himself as an activ particip in govern , therebi bring a new dimens to the offic . 
 in addit , carl watson , current execut vice presid , market , will becom presid and chief oper officer. the elder mr. noland had also serv as presid , and there had been no offici design chief oper offic . 
 they work close with two other key men : william j. quinn , sixty-on , a lawyer and former f. b. i. man who follow menk into the presid of the burlington and is now chairman of the burlington northern 's closest competitor , the milwauke road , and robert w. down , fifty-eight , budd 's execut vice presid . a brilliant oper offic , down was respons for plan and coordin the detail of the merger , serv on a master committe that monitor progress . 
 pittston 's stock fell 50 cent to close at $ 12.875 in composit new york stock exchang trading. robin h.h. wilson , presid of burlington air express , will serv as presid of both wtc and burlington in a combin unit , pittston said . 
 mr. atkin 's lawyer say that the trade did entail risk , but he argu that even if the juri found they did not entail such risk , they should have been consid legitim nonetheless. mr. moss , who from 1978 to 1980 serv as deputi chief of the crimin divis at the u.s. attorney 's offic in the southern district of new york , also question the reliabl of the four men who testifi against mr. atkin . 
 `` it is , inde , frustrat , '' rep. cheney says. but he add , `` i will die a happi man if i get to serv two year in the major in the hous . '' 
 they made strang claim in the hope of be sent immedi to the front . rockwel and thaw swore that they had serv in the mexican armi and when their corpor later comment on their inexperi at drill , they inform him with straight face that mexican fought onli guerrilla warfar . lincoln chatkoff , of maplewood , mass. , solemn swore that he had serv five year with the salvat armi . 
 the ap report that mrs. whittlesey telephon rep. henri hyde , who in turn talk to reps. dan mica and olympia snow , who serv on the investig subcommitte . 
 anoth fast-ris young offic was also up for promot in 1969 . colonel robert m. montagu serv as a deputi for pacif to the militari command in saigon , and had volunt to stay mani year beyond his normal tour of duti . 
 other who were name yesterday were : william mack , a build contractor and chairman of the javit convent center ; nora brede , head of the shoreham oppon coalit , a citizen ' group work to keep shoreham from ever oper ; irv like , an attorney who has repres long island counti against lilco on rate-increas request ; richard kessel , the state consum protect board director ; john cana , presid of north fork bancorp in east morich , n.y. , and vincent tese , the state 's econom develop director. mr. mack will serv as chairman . 
 tierco said it hope anoth investor will put up at least $ 15 million to join the partnership. joseph m. murphi , tierco chairman and chief execut offic , will serv as chairman and a princip of valu investor . 
 ed own 51 % of nippon ed and nippon inform 49 % , an ed spokesman said. yukitsugu shimokawa , presid of nippon inform , will serv as presid of nippon ed , and bob barker , manag director of ed japan , as execut vice presid . 
 in everi firm with more than five job , the worker elect a council by secret ballot. most council number anywher from 15 to 120 member , depend on the size of the enterpris , and they serv for two year . 
 the standard measur of the qualiti of a lower court judg 's perform is the frequenc with which his decis are overturned. judg bork , who has serv on the circuit court for the district of columbia for five year , has written about 100 major opinion and none has been overrul . 
 none could be more typic than a likabl , beard young man with long hair and a gentl face name tim butz . tim had enlist in the air forc out of high school , and had serv with distinct in vietnam . 
 `` i just ca n't go by the courthous without feel depress and frustrat , '' say a los angel man. he recent serv 10 work day on juri duti without be chosen for a singl case . 
 an attempt was made to protect women from heavi work that might keep them from have healthi children . in the war year women serv in the armi , but almost exclus behind the front , as our own wac 's did . 
 the skill occup are also known as the `` craft , `` and therefor skill worker are also call craftsmen. becaus of their addit train , skill worker serv under less supervis than semiskil worker , and they may be call upon to exercis more judgment than the latter . 
 lawrenc walsh , the iran-contra independ counsel , immedi said he will seek permiss to file paper oppos the govern 's views. and fred wertheim , head of the citizen ' lobbi common caus , assert that the justic depart 's posit `` could danger undermin all of the ongo crimin investig that involv numer individu who have serv at the highest level '' of the administr . 
 some offici said they believ mr. carlucci 's and lt. gen. powel 's tie to mr. weinberg may mean the council staff will align itself more close to the defens depart 's hard-lin posit on arm control and east-west relations. but offici close to mr. carlucci said the new nation secur advis is determin to serv as an honest broker between the pentagon , the state depart , the cia and other agenc . 
 mr. neeli could n't be reach at work or home for comment. he has been a smith employe for 22 year , serv as chief execut sinc 1976 and chairman sinc 1977 . 
 mr. roman , who will retain his post as presid , succeed william e. phillip , who remain chairman of the parent. the compani name to it board ian hunt , chairman and chief execut offic of research intern , which the compani acquir in januari , and hugh parker , who serv on sever board and was manag director of the british unit of mckinsey & co. , a management-consult firm , until he retir in 1983 . 
 howev , he is consid more of a promot and fund-rais than an academic. he is a west point graduat and combat veteran of the korean war , and serv from 1970 to 1972 as presid nixon 's assist secretari of state for congression relat . 
 rais on a farm in palmyra , michigan , he went to work in the firm 's chicago offic in 1948 and rose to the rank of partner in eight year ; ordinarili , it take about a dozen year to get that far . befor becom chief execut , he serv for eight year as head of the cleveland offic . 
 at the centr he was respect not becaus he was dictatori which he is but becaus he was dynam and competent. he was equal love for his big-heart natur , and everyon was infinit proud to serv under his command . 
 it was soviet presid andrei gromyko , dub `` mr. nyet '' when he serv as foreign minist , who `` onc warn us that behind mr. gorbachev 's nice smile ' lie teeth of steel , ' '' one analyst note . 
 associ of chairman paul volcker prais mr. johnson 's thoughtfulness. he is also an oft-ment candid to succeed mr. volcker if the fed chief is n't reappoint to anoth four-year term , or declin to serv again , when his current term expir in august . 
 that is doubt , sinc he claim to be onli an antropologo , a consider lesser status to the experienc indian . so mani indian have serv as inform that , in one state at least , there are joke that anthropolog is the third biggest industri after oil and beer . 
 after the first year i was the onli communist member until 1936 , when clarenc hathaway was ad , to substitut for me when i was unavail . dr. harri f. ward , of the union theolog seminari , becam chairman in 1935 and serv until the war . 
 despit his height of 6 feet 5 inch , which appear taller becaus of his erect postur , mr. pearson cut a low profil here , make him an ideal repres for the publicity-shi mellons. dure the 1970s , he serv on the board of each of the mellon ' `` big four '' compani headquart in downtown pittsburgh : mellon bank , gulf oil corp. , aluminum co. of america and kopper co . 
 mr. momayez-zadeh , 31 , who was vice presid of financ , also will serv as treasur and continu as a director , equinox said. mr. sach , who will serv as a consult to the compani , said he left voluntarili and will retir . 
 a former vice chairman of e.f. hutton group inc. , mr. shad has been known as an ardent deregul who help to streamlin sec operations. he serv beyond the end of his five-year sec term last june in part to overse the agenc 's stepped-up effort against insid trade . 
 mr. abdnor , a 63-year-old republican , was defeat for reelect in november. he serv one term in the senat , have defeat democrat sen. georg mcgovern in 1980. previous , mr. abdnor serv eight year in the hous . 
 in his church bulletin he express his belief that what the world need was `` the triumphant spirit of human courag and sacrifice. `` when the war broke out , clark pole was determin at first to serv as an ordinari soldier . 
 when green rush up to see what had caus the hitch , he found himself confront , at the veri outset of his oper , by a stagger problem . have serv some time at fort klamath , he was no stranger to these sudden , low-li plateau fog that might last an hour or all day . 
 `` well , i ll send you over to monticello with a note to general sheridan . see that he serv at the point with `` old mud `` walker , i 'm certain he shall do all in his power to get you exchang on my recommend . 
 mr. cahouet acquir a reput as a trouble-shoot and turnaround execut dure a two-year stint at crocker nation corp. , where he help restor profit to the san francisco bank. he serv as presid and chief execut at crocker until it was acquir by well fargo & co. in may 1986 . 
 `` you 'd be more use as an interpret than as a soldier , `` an offic told him. `` i ll serv wherev need , `` rubinstein replied. within a short time he was request to serv as translat for alli headquart . 
 morgan olmstead , a brokerag hold compani , is base in los angeles. mr. schnabel is serv as the u.s. ambassador to finland . 
 the practic , of cours , has a vener history. alexand haig rose from colonel to four-star general while serv as henri kissing 's deputy. lt. gen. brent scowcroft also serv as mr. kissing 's deputi . 
 the deputi chief resign in a huff and his post was fill by stan patt , anoth rank-and-fil fireman who was doddr 's junior by three day , befor compulsori retir . with 420 men in the depart , serv an averag term of thirty-f year from recruit to retir , the averag tenur of the chief 's offic becam one month , with a similar rapid turnov in all rank . 
 three year after marco polo arriv home , the fierc trade rivalri between venic and genoa broke into open war . serv as a `` gentleman command `` of a galley , marco and his ship were captur , and he was thrown into a genoes jail . 
 i came home heartsick at what our parti had done to itself. and when they ask me to serv as an elector i want no part of it . 
 and even great increas influenc in washington for the nation 's entrepreneur still is n't like to match that garner by the chairman of a fortun 500 compani when he walk into a congressman 's offic , say eddi mahe , a republican polit consultant. `` a more direct rout would be to get one of their member to serv as financ chairman for everi candid run for congress . 
 realiz that his scheme would soon be uncov , arnold fled his west point home minut befor georg washington was due for breakfast. after serv as a british offic for the durat of the revolut , arnold made his way to london . 
 the follow summer , at the age of eighty-seven , he resign his post as chancellor , though he remain a member of the bundestag until his death four year later . adenau was succeed by ludwig erhard , also a christian democrat , who had serv veri effici as minist of econom and prove himself both abl and popular in western europ . 
 candid would be select for vice-presid , treasur and two directors. select to serv on the nomin committe were : maxin schrader , chairman , tom scanlan , joyc hoffa , jim brennan , ingwald gunderson , mari olson , and joe virden . 
 he said a five-memb search committe for a new chairman and chief execut held it first meet yesterday. mr. pearson is also current serv as chief execut . 
 presid reagan name deputi nation secur advis alton keel to becom ambassador to the north atlant treati organ in brussels. mr. keel , who serv briefli as interim nation secur advis follow vice adm. john poindext 's resign last month , would succeed ambassador david abshire. mr. keel becam deputi to mr. poindext last juli , after serv as the execut director to the presidenti commiss on the challeng shuttl explos . 
 but they were onli the open move in what may be an awkward courtship ritual between the presid and the chairman. steven robert , who serv as mr. volcker 's assist until join peat marwick main & co. as a partner this spring , said : `` my best guess is , he will stay if the presid ask him . 
 besid a possibl sale , hbo said it will also consid spin off one or more of it oper divis or subsidiari , sell certain asset , buy back stock and recapitalizing. donald l. luca and john m. clark jr. , both of whom are outsid director , will serv on the special committe . 
 paulssen himself , seibold continu proud , was a veteran of the undersea forc . he had serv aboard a u-boat in 1937 in the intern control organ dure the spanish civil war , cruis the mediterranean and the bay of biscay . 
 that would return mr. taft to a posit of leadership from which he has slowli been push by the board. in juli , the 46-year-old mr. taft was name vice chairman after serv as presid and chief oper offic for more than 10 year . 
 dr. c. a. christi has been name presid of a wang subsidiari , phi comput servic , inc. , softwar consult and system market with a data center in arlington , mass. he was the design of telebatch remot batch process servic ... . donald j. birmingham will be respons for new hardwar and softwar product as vp at data path , sunnyval , calif. , manufactur of sourc data collect system for industri . he was in at the found of dpi in 1965 , previous serv with ge in phoenix . 
 later today , a white friend from my colleg day telephon from new jersey , mrs. meyers. would i serv as master of ceremoni at a parad in celebr of a worthi caus ? 
 while republican nation chairman dure the waterg scandal , he remain a nixon apologist until a few day befor the presid 's resignation. and after critic supply-sid econom in 1980 as `` voodoo econom , '' he swallow his misgiv to serv as vice presid in the reagan administr , and there is n't ani record that he privat protest as the administr enact it supply-sid program . 
 despit certain reserv , appel judg winter said the settlement was reason becaus `` the weight of present scientif evid doe not establish that personnel in vietnam were injur by agent orange. '' signific , the appeal court approv an unusu `` compensation-bas '' distribut plan that allow veteran who serv in area in which agent orang was spray and who are disabl to collect benefit to a maximum $ 12,000 -- with smaller payment to survivor of such veteran . 
 `` so success is the school that hank is now plan a $ 2^3-million addit . he has serv under six presid as an advis on the handicap , and written seven book on various phase of his work . 
 littl mac did not live in the field with his men but at a palati mansion he had rent in washington. he chose as staff offic aristocrat foreign who had volunt to serv in the union armi among them princ salm-salm of saxoni ; the comt de pari and two son of the princ de joinvill . 
 some forti thousand men came as volunt for the intern brigad , though there were never more than eighteen thousand in spain at ani one time. and mani other came to serv as doctor , nurs , and technician . 
 i had a wife , eileen , and two children . my practic had suffer slight as a result of world war ii , when i serv as a dental offic in the south african medic corp , but it was improv and the futur seem assur . 
 a tiff with washington , when nerv of both were fray , was quick follow by renew understand between them and entrust of colonel hamilton with captur of the last british redoubt at yorktown . notabl figur who serv dure the revolut in legislatur , execut offic , and diplomat assign complain that the societi of the cincinnati set up a presum prefer of patriot for those in the armi . 
 mr. proxmir would presid over confirm hear for mr. henkel if he is renomin to the bank board by presid reagan. becaus he was appoint while the senat was n't in session , mr. henkel serv without confirm . 
 the maker of weld steel tube and gray iron cast said the appoint follow the death , earlier this year , of vincent d. hofmann , who had been chairman. bernard hofmann , 52 year old , who succeed his uncl as chairman , also former serv as presid . 
 a bain spokesman declin to say whether sir jack had been told , say it is a `` privat matter. '' the bain spokesman said olivi roux , a bain consult who serv as a guin director and it chief of financi strategi , remain on bain 's payrol . 
 what is known is that 15 copi were publish at his own expens and all vanish after he took offic . pompidou 's express posit is a predict one : `` the presid of a nation should not write a book while he is serv in offic . `` 
 mr. johnson 's rise has been remark fast. he serv as a green beret and armi ranger in southeast asia befor receiv econom degre from troy state univers in alabama and florida state univers . 
 he is vice-presid and general manag of the skelton oil compani , a subsidiari of gulf oil corpor . he is a mechan engin from purdu and serv in the navi in world war ii . 
 among his mani travel , he went to russia and met lenin and trotski and address the third international . he serv as an associ editor of the liber and the mass . 
 the court 's rule revers crimin contempt convict of five person accus of infring the trademark of loui vuitton , a french leather good manufacturer. while the suprem court said the court may appoint lawyer to handl the contempt case , the court rule it was improp for the district court to appoint the lawyer for loui vuitton to serv as the prosecutor in the contempt case . 
 custer was anxious to speak , but mcclellan command the scene . `` i am surpris and griev to hear such sentiment from my own boy : from you who have serv with the armi of the potomac . 
 mr. griscom , 37 , former press secretari to senat major leader howard h. baker jr. , will becom presid and chief oper offic of the public affair unit. mr. griscom most recent serv as director of the republican senatori campaign committe . 
 mr. chile is the sixth senat -- and third committe chairman -- to call it quit this year. senat dan evan decid to retir after serv onli four year in the senat . 
 he previous was execut vice presid of lockheed-california. -- r. richard hepp , 64 , who also will serv as general manag of advanc tactic fighter program . 
 at a time when the countri has move into an era of greater and greater public spend , it is more import than ever to examin the process by which project and prioriti evolv and the big chunk of cash get commit . for the over-al design of the mall , governor rockefel turn to wallac k. harrison , who was the co-architect for rockefel center some forti year ago when nelson was serv an apprenticeship in the famili busi . 
 hanfstaengl was never clear as to who was respons and goer dismiss it as a `` joke. `` in a matter of day , he fled germani , and after short intern in england and canada arriv in the u.s. to serv as an intellig analyst for an old harvard schoolmat franklin delano roosevelt . 
 the work of the hous of burgess was done through committe ; citizen ask for what they want or complain about what they did not get . the committe on which washington serv sift all petit , so he plung at onc into import govern work . 
 john r. mccormick , a 28-year-old west pointer from corpus christi , texa . after serv six month as an advis to the south vietnames armi , dure which time he saw consider combat , mccormick ask to be transfer to the 4th cavalri , a part of the 25th divis . 
 they form relationship other than those base exclus on sex . `` they do n't negat sexual attract , `` say cathi bennigson , who conduct the stanford studi while serv with her husband as the faculti resid coupl in a freshman co hous . 
 not accord to persist rumor from bolivia . and most of the invis finger point at general ovando , the presid who was unseat in octob and who now serv as ambassador to spain . 
 mr. shapiro , 48 year old , has manag major transit before. he taught and practic law , and serv in the transport depart befor becom general counsel of an electron compani . 
 he join transco in 1978 as vice presid , financ , after 10 year as an execut at citibank in new york. he has serv as a transco director sinc 1981 and as presid and chief oper offic sinc 1984 . 
 marin went along with the canadian in the raid on diepp , even more disastr than the one on zeebrugge. the forc was form as a group of soldier who could serv aboard warship without get seasick . 
 `` it 's not onli the posit he take but the vehem of them that surpris us , '' say a democrat lawmak who regular oppos mr. wallop. sen. simpson , who serv with mr. wallop in the wyom legislatur , note : `` he burn with a passion unalloy . '' 
 sinc join the agenc in april 1984 , mr. jarrel has influenc sec polici make in numer area , includ corpor takeov regul and oil and gas industri accounting. he has been school in the univers of chicago free-market theori and has serv as a senior economist at lexecon inc. , a chicago consult firm . 
 robert swinarton , who retir six year ago at 54 as vice chairman of dean witter reynold , anoth major brokerag hous , also plan to retir early. but serv as a director or truste was n't part of his plan . 
 will the promis of bargain equiti caus reluct outsid to rush to the boardroom ? vernon jordan , a washington lawyer who serv on the board of eight major corpor -- includ the publish of this newspap , dow jone & co. , which doe n't have such a plan , and corn glass work , which doe -- think the answer is no . 
 to his credit , mr. halloran doe his best to close that breech with a seri of chapter portray the realiti of militari life today. he look at the command in the field , the troop who serv under their command , and the terribl respons of stand watch in troubl spot around the world . 
 despit a trip to the u.s. that prime minist yasuhiro nakason himself character as disappoint , call for the premier 's earli resign are diminishing. inde , polit analyst who onli a month ago said he would be lucki to remain in offic until the june summit meet of industri nation now say mr. nakason most like will serv out his term , which end in octob . 
 in contrast , mr. geisel arriv at carnegi group in 1984 with an entrepreneuri and busi background. with engin degre from arizona state univers , his previous experi includ start an oregon compani that devis inform system for bank and serv as director of manag inform system at pullman inc . 
 he stay activ as a director of the profession golf associ tour , a director of mellon bank -- where , he note , he keep his money -- and chairman of the univers of pittsburgh 's board , among other things. still , he turn down invit to serv on other board , and his current oblig requir onli about 50 meet a year -- far fewer than he had to squeez into his hectic schedul befor retir . 
 accord to wtbs , the produc `` purpos did not recast the role of patriarch ward origin by ( the late ) hugh beaumont. '' june is now a widow , content care for her grandchildren and serv on the mayfield citi council . 
 though econom growth show sign of slow , the u.s. is in the 53rd month of an econom upturn that has absorb vast world export and creat record number of american jobs. `` in term of the fundament , the u.s. economi is veri strong , '' say richard cooper , a harvard econom professor who serv as presid carter 's undersecretari of state for econom affair . 
 he previous was act presid of lockhe aircraft servic , base in ontario. -- kenneth w. cannestra , 56 , who also will serv as general manag of the unit 's georgia divis . 
 they belong to her. i pick them up in 1937 while serv with the u.s. armi . 
 john dali , princip sharehold and chairman of hemdal , would becom chief execut offic of the surviv compani , to be call hemdal film corp. derek gibson , hemdal 's execut vice presid , would becom chief oper officer. irwin rubin , current chairman and chief execut of comput memori , said he wo n't serv as a senior offic of the combin compani . 
 braniff also may revamp it market under mr. foley , the sourc said. mr. foley will serv essenti as a `` caretak '' for braniff until mr. pritzker decid what to do with the airlin , the sourc said . 
 mr. liedtk said he also doe n't intend to delay anoth set of plan -- for his retir -- through year of texaco reorgan proceed , should they stretch that long. mr. liedtk recent announc that he would continu serv as chairman and chief execut past his 65th birthday to guid the compani to conclus of the litig with texaco . 
 a west german court convict a former presidenti secretari of treason after she admit give state secret to a soviet kgb agent. prosecutor said the woman , who serv as secretari to five west german presid , was one of sever `` lone heart spi '' recruit by moscow . 
 `` it is noth , sir , `` lafayett answer in excel english. `` i shall feel well repaid if i can serv under you . '' 
 after a two-year stint in the merchant marin , fuqua proceed natur enough into commerci radio . he serv for a while as the chief engin of a radio station in charleston , south carolina , but he was bedevil by the entrepreneuri itch . 
 `` a tremend number of peopl are call , wait for a long time and do n't get select , '' he adds. on a typic day in new york 's borough of manhattan , about 2,000 peopl are serv state and local juri duti , but fewer than 10 % of them ever get on a juri , say norman goodman , the counti commission of juror . 
 member of the coffe , sugar & cocoa exchang elect gerald p. clanci , cocoa purchas director of m & m/mar , as chairman of the 105-year-old exchange. mr. clanci , whose two-year term start immedi , succeed howard c. katz , who was elect to serv on the exchang 's board for an addit two year . 
 each year the institut produc a show. dick was recruit to write the song , and occasion even to serv as stage director . 
 lyda hunt , one of h.l. hunt 's former wive , die in 1955. one of her son , william herbert , serv as executor of her will . 
 `` i do n't think the voter are sway too much '' by endors , say david moor , a univers of new hampshir polit scientist. for his part , gov. sununu , who will serv as mr. bush 's new hampshir chairman , said he decid to endors the vice presid becaus he was the onli candid who `` understand the subtleti '' of foreign affair , an area the governor believ has heighten import in the wake of the arms-sal scandal . 
 they were use , accord to the contemporari report soviet women in the war , `` least frequent of all in actual arm combat . `` main they serv on the industrial-agricultur front . 
 on the other hand , the law was a rather casual mistress in the eighties. while studi , he also had time to serv as a court report for the cincinnati commerci . 
 john koehler , white hous communic director , is expect to announc at a news confer today that he is leav the post after serv just a week , a white hous offici said . 
 now what ? '' help mr. atwood answer that question will be ed 's mr. alberth , who has serv as presid of the unit sinc may of this year . 
 the commit will continu under john h. filer , 47 , who took over last month as chairman and chief execut offic from retir olcott d. smith , 65 . a graduat of depauw and yale law school , filer practic law and then serv as a republican state senat in connecticut befor join aetna in 1958 as an assist counsel . 
 in the previous year , coopervis earn $ 35.2 million , or $ 1.69 a share. mr. koffel , 47 , who most recent serv as execut vice presid , coopervis usa , will continu to be respons for domest oper . 
 he ad that mr. neeli was n't ask to resign. mr. neeli will still serv as a director and consult . 
 captain william washington was twenty-four year old at that time and had alreadi made himself an unmatch reput for courag and dare . william washington serv under hugh mercer , whom he ador , and who regard him much as an adopt son . 
 these paper drew the interest of sir nevil mott , a pioneer in solid-st physic and director of britain 's fame cavendish laboratori , where other basic work on amorph materi was go on. mott subsequ visit ovshinski 's laboratori and agre to serv as an unpaid consult . 
 `` it 's sort of the end of an era , '' said one compani execut and associ of mr. taft. in juli , mr. taft , 46 year old , was name vice chairman after serv as presid and chief oper offic for more than 10 year . 
 at the time of the announc , mr. ruffi said he plan to stay with emhart. mr. ruffi serv in nine differ line and staff posit at emhart , rang from treasur to presid of the unit machineri group . 
 in an earlier transact , energi partner acquir the net asset of may energi partner ltd. , an oil and gas limit partnership manag by may. may petroleum is 44 % control by craig hall , the dalla real estat investor who serv as it chairman and chief execut offic . 
 tesoro initi declin to financ the ventur , but the relationship did n't end there. mr. morgan 's girlfriend had serv in the bolivian govern and had high-reach connect there with the potenti to help expand tesoro 's domain of foreign oil properti . 
 romney brent , june cochran , betti starbuck , lee strasberg , and libbi holman assum talk or sing parts. philip loeb was call on to be the produc ; herbert field to direct the danc ; harold clurman to serv as stage manag . 
 as we wait in tens expect , the offic disclos our new commands. some of us had been select to serv on destroy , other on minesweep . 
 