some tart fruit mix with green make a nice contrast with rich meat dish ( see orang and onion salad , page 111 ) , but if you like to follow the meat cours with sweet fruit , it seem wiser to serv it plain with a good sharp chees and let it take the place of a sweet or dessert cours . if you insist on serv fruit as a salad , do n't cut it into cube and mix it up . 
 to increas amount of stuf , preserv ratio of half as much mushroom as bread . capon stuf in this manner would most like be serv with pan-fri potato , broccoli , or cauliflow brown in oil . 
 add a pinch of mace if desired. serv hot or chilled. serv 6 to 8 . 
 chill until firm . break up light with a fork befor serv and garnish each portion with a mint leaf . serv 6 to 8 . 
 with black bean : substitut black bean for the split pea and flavor with madeira or sherri wine. serv with lemon slices. with white pea bean : substitut white pea bean for the split pea and serv top with crumbl bacon bit . 
 accord to the nation restaur associ , about 50 % of new restaur fail in their first year , 65 % within two years. general mill itself has bankrol a coupl of flop in recent year -- includ betti crocker treehous , which serv pie on elev tabl to the sound of tape-record bird chirp . 
 with consider justic , it can be said that england 's second success coloni , plymouth , began in an ancient yorkshir inn besid the royal road lead from london to scotland . here william brewster , between serv food and ale and suppli fresh hors for stagecoach , risk his life to support the spread of religi freedom . 
 chill . add the chop hard-cook egg befor serv . garnish with cucumb slice and serv with an ice cube or two in each soup plate. serv 6 . 
 codfish is a major item in the portugues diet . it is serv so often that some tourist in portug joke insist that lunch consist of codfish and potato , and that dinner consist of potato and codfish . 
 garnish with grate coconut or shred toast almond . serv 4 . 
 abov us through the window in the roof , the neighbor children peek through and giggl as they watch the stranger who had come to their villag . then our meal was serv , and it was obvious there had been great prepar for us . 
 would everyon be will to get up for 6 a.m. mass on sunday so jack could accept a nine-o'clock golf invit ? jack 's son help clear the tabl , and his wife serv coffe and dessert . 
 pound cake was a favorit throughout the south . it was serv at both mount vernon and williamsburg . 
 bake in a dg325 oven for 35 minutes. serv with melt butter . 
 `` i am , `` she tell her mother , take a huge bite . the food is serv from aluminum trolley wheel down the aisl by member in rubber apron who have been assign a three-month hitch work in the kitchen . 
 with a sharp knife , remov the bone and carv the steak diagon in long strips. serv with bearnais sauc , sauc diabl , wine merchant 's sauc ( see sauc ) , mustard or horseradish. if you insist on serv catsup , heat it first . 
 she invit me to see the hous where she , her husband and her daughter now live . while she serv me cherri in the parlor , she told me of her son who attend an american univers . 
 size doe not affect the tast , but it 's wise to buy those that are uniform in thick so that they will all cook in the same amount of time . besid be delici in vichyssois and other soup and stew , leek are a delic and tasti veget , serv hot or cold . 
 heat and blend , add 1/2 cup of orang section ( peel ) and heat them through. pour this rich sauc over the duck and serv with a barley and mushroom casserol and an endiv salad mix with tini , whole beet . 
 sprinkl with cinnamon , a few grate of nutmeg or chop parsley . serv 4 . 
 hopeless out of it was the person who somehow did not manag to squeez that sentenc into his convers . the same year , 1923 , a survey show that more than 5,000 `` speakeasi `` hideaway where illeg liquor was serv exist in new york citi . 
 roast as you do fresh ham ( page 309 ) but allow 45 minut to the pound. serv with the same accompani . 
 but the 60s comparison was apt , if not in the quantiti of the mobe , at least in the name and face of it upper crust. on the capitol step , rope off from their congreg into a vip area where they were serv complimentari appl juic and trail mix , daniel ellsberg hug william sloan coffin , abbi hoffman peck allen ginsberg on the cheek , and dr. spock threw back his hoari head when jess jackson told a joke . 
 howev , contemporari author suspect that greater attent was given to the christma feast . among food known to have been serv were game pie , oyster , and wild duck . 
 to poach egg hard , cook them for 4-1/2 minut . these are often serv cold in aspic , or as garnish for salad platter . 
 arrang the sauerkraut on a larg platter and top with slice of the meat. serv with boil potato steam dri , hot appl sauc , plenti of crisp bread and cold beer . 
 add nutmeg and adjust season . sprinkl each serv with coars chop spinach leav . if desir , serv yoghurt as a topping. serv 4 to 6 . 
 cook for 5 to 10 minut more . serv 6 . 
 otherwis it will be tough. serv the hot slice of steak on hot toast and butter french bread . 
 we re go to ride hors and everyth . `` the coffe shop serv a cooki seal in cellophan with it milk shake , and i broke the wrap and took out my cooki . 
 this is best prepar in advanc and reheat . serv 6 to 8 . the follow recip for goos stuf with fruit and serv with rice is probabl a result of german and southern cookeri meet . 
 chill soup. top with whip cream and serv with rusk . 
 it had been a blow to him to find oriana betroth , and to such a specimen ; it was increas uncomfort to be in major venabl 's compani , and to endur his gloomi stare . we were serv an excel dinner , which i heartili enjoy , but the convers at tabl had an advers effect on hotchkiss 's appetit . 
 forty-eight patient were admit to the hospit , as mani were discharg . about 2,000 meal were prepar and serv to the patient and employe . 
 heat through , but do not let boil. tast for season and serv hot. serv 6 . 
 if it seem a littl dull , perhap it need a dash of lemon juic or a bit of grate onion. serv salad chill but not ici cold . 
 you can even get good food now if you re will to pay for it . `` in his eager to interject himself , simon lean so far across ladi rudd that michael was temporarili block from serv him the soup . 
 float appl slice on top . serv 6 . 
 a continu struggl . `` she serv the inevit cup of coffe and some crumbl piec of home-mad fudg that edith cohen has sent over in a cake tin . `` 
 as soon as a batch of fritter is done , put them in a dg200 oven until all the corn mixtur is use up and the last batch of fritter is cook . these fritter may be serv with or without mapl syrup . 
 sam talk to this man with great interest . dr. curri should have made great chang in the cook and serv of food here at sinai . 
 drop by spoon on top of the soup and sprinkl with cinnamon sugar or grate lemon rind . serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` cousin torquil ! `` `` dinner is serv , my ladi , `` announc pennymor . 
 chill until set. break up with a fork and serv in soup cup . 
 add madeira wine . serv 4 to 6 . 
 scrub the potato and cook in boil , salt water until done ( about 10 -- 15 minut , depend upon their size ) . serv in their jacket ( which make delici eat ) with melt butter pour over them . 
 he invit all the bank offici of the state to be his guest at a banquet in the new mansion . a sumptuous dinner was serv . 
 the mushroom should be done in 6 to 10 minutes. season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and serv on butter toast . 
 despit china 's dilig effort to remov all status symbol , hoos notic that `` the grade of the mao suit improv as you go up the ladder . `` senior offici serv the finest tea , natur scent dragon well . 
 cook for 1 minut only. cool and serv over vanilla ice cream , or serv with a rich custard sauc . 
 `` i shall take it , then , and you can give him my carriag and horses. do n't serv the dinner till seven o'clock . '' 
 a reward of l100 was offer to ani person give evid of a conspiraci . a fifteen-year-old wench who serv grog to sailor in a tough waterfront saloon was one of the wit . 
 add the saffron , clam , shrimp and lobster and simmer for about 15 minutes. add the mussel and serv . 
 with parsley : melt butter and add plenti of chop parsley. pour this over the chicken halv as you serv them . 
 pour into a mold or into 1-pound coffe tin , cover tight and steam accord to direct for steam lemon pud , page 111. serv with hard sauc , brandi sauc or brown sugar sauc , page 111-111 , v4 . 
 to eat , pick the berri up by their stem , dip in the sugar and nibbl . fresh strawberri light sugar and serv with plenti of heavi cream are delici . 
 cover with sauc mornay ( page 111 , v4 ) , sprinkl with grate parmesan chees and run under the broiler to brown . how often have you been serv fri egg swim in lukewarm greas and stare up at you with glaze orang eye ? 
 last summer , for exampl , culinova , the upscal brand for gourmet , unveil monterrey garden ravioli -- a vegetarian ravioli accompani by a green pepper stuf with black chili. despit the success of a similar dish serv by some in restaur , the general food version bomb . 
 liquid is ad , the pan is cover and the roll are cook until tender over low heat or in the oven . veal bird are usual serv with rice or noodl . 
 saut in hot butter until brown on both sides. serv with sauc soubis ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 `` the moscovit kentuckian it will be. and such love borsch we will serv , with sweet corn and ketchup . '' 
 this is an excel start point for an even on the squar . all the usual german-typ dish , well prepar and tast serv . 
 peel : if you like the skin remov , peel the potato after they are drain , season with salt and pepper and put back on the stove to dri and fluff. pour melt butter over them and serv . 
 a true french omelet is never flat or firm , but alway soft. serv plain or with ani of the sauc suggest for plain omelet . 
 pineappl come in various sizes. tini one from cuba will serv 2 or 3 persons. averag size pineappl of 2 pound will serv 4 to 6 person , and the huge varieti will easili serv 8 . 
 for a convent inform dinner parti , the aperitif period is adequ cover by a medium-dri or dri sherri , with the altern for non-sherry-drink of gin and vermouth , or orang juic . dri sherri , like other aperitif , is often serv chill . 
 season with salt and pepper , and reheat . stir in the cream just befor serv . serv 6 to 8 . 
 around 1800 we check in the offic for ani word of the alli invas . sinc noth was new , we decid to have an eleg dinner in town instead of the thin slice sandwich serv in the compound . 
 onion : the onion is perhap the most versatil member of the culinari armamentarium . not onli can it be serv in an infinit varieti of way , but it is one of the most wide use flavor in everi cours except dessert . 
 set asid to cool for sever hour or overnight . two hour befor serv , add the oliv oil , lemon juic , parsley and onion . 
 sprinkl with chop fresh coriand , parsley or chive . serv 4 to 6 . 
 sprinkl with chop fresh mint . serv 6 . 
 usual it is basket of slight sweet bun and mug of coffe brought in on tray . the entir congreg must be serv in the time space of three hymn , no easi task . 
 mix . just befor serv combin the content of both bowl , toss light , season with salt , fresh ground pepper , and accent . add french dress and serv . 
 garnish with chop parsley or chive , or butter crouton . serv 4 to 6 . 
 in all , bake 45 minutes. remov from the oven and serv pipe hot . 
 more women to whom the human , or at ani rate masculin , form is repugn enter and with avert eye set down pan of water , with a clatter serv the simultan function of awaken you from a much-need sleep . the soap float in the pan complet it resembl to the dumpl soup serv for dinner the night befor . 
 flavor with lemon juice. cool sauc and serv with cake. it is especi pretti serv from a glass dish with a silver ladl . 
 do not boil after the egg yolk have been added. serv hot or cold , garnish with mound of stiffli beaten egg white or whip cream . 
 this should take about 15 to 20 minutes. with chicken broth : use chicken broth for the water or stock , and serv the rice with a chicken dinner . 
 `` kutya should not be thick , `` say the ukrainian , for whom the dish is main ritualistic. `` kutya should be moist , but the liquid should not seep to the bottom , `` admonish polish-american who serv it as a dessert . 
 it is conduct with no small comfort and splendour . when there are ball , though there may be four hundr peopl at supper , there is a servant in scarlet and lace to attend upon everi four , and everi one is serv on silver . 
 chill. serv with a spoon of sour cream in each bowl and sprinkl with dill . 
 garnish each serv with tini rose geranium leav . serv 6 . 
 when the soup is done , skim off the fat . serv 6 to 8 . tradit , pot-au-feu is serv as follow : first , a bowl of broth . the meat and veget are arrang on a platter with boil potato and serv as the main cours , accompani by a select of good mustard , pickl and relish and good , crusti french bread . 
 this is an excel choic for a larg sunday brunch. it simplifi the cook and a 3-pound piec of bake canadian bacon will serv as mani as 10 person easili if you also serv egg . 
 bake at dg375 dg400 from 30 to 40 minutes. yield : one small loaf that will serv six contin peopl and bare four hungri ones. you can serv this wholesom treat as a meal in itself , still warm with sweet butter and a glass of milk . 
 moreov , mr. cantalupo has a slight militari manner. he is a propon of open restaur to serv breakfast virtual at the crack of dawn . 
 do not overcook chicken or it will be dri and tasteless. season to tast on the skin side and serv with shoestr potato , pea and onion mix , and hot french bread . 
 avoid those that are the least bit soft. one quart of gooseberri will serv 4 person ampli , and sometim 5 or 6 . 
 let us say parti time is three o'clock in the afternoon. we will serv : whip the cream until stiff . 
 the farm kitchen is a beehiv of activ , a center where marvel food is cook and bake , can and frozen . the last time i visit mae she serv roast pheasant . 
 in the three-month period end septemb 17 , 1966 , 33 such incid occur , and telephon employ were becom reluct to work on the west side. at the meet , one execut suggest that illinoi bell hold an open hous on the west side , serv refresh and explain the hardship on both the compani and the resid caus by this vandal . 
 on the bottom half of each toast , butter bun place a slice of raw onion , brush with a dab of mayonnais , add the cook hamburg and top with a slice of thin ripe tomato , hamburg relish , slice dill pickl and the top half of the butter bun . serv with addit relish , mustard and chili sauc , if you wish , but heat your chili sauc befor serv , becaus cold sauc is not invit with hot food . 
 i 'd have come down , mari . sinc when am i serv breakfast in bed unless i 'm sick ? `` 
 hamilton had order the meal earlier in the day , which was the point which had caus his friend to consent to ventur out . it was serv prompt . 
 pour the syrup over the pear and bake in a dg350 oven , bast frequent with the syrup , for 20 to 30 minut , or until the fruit is tender but not mushy. serv plain , hot or cold. or serv with cream . 
 when done , fat should be well cook out , and skin crisp and brown ( and delici ) . serv 4 . 
 the chief baker in hong kong , incit `` by the author , `` my father later told us , put arsenic in the dough , aim to poison certain english troop . grandpa , all unknow , serv the bread at his breakfast . 
 garnish with chop parsley or chive . serv 6 to 8 . 
 you must have some sort of arrang for keep the hot food hot a hot tray , chafe dish , candl warmer whatev 's avail . the various kind of fish which are eaten at the start are quit correct serv in their open tin . 
 at each place was a napkin , shape like a christma tree , and a place card with either a clothespin santa or an angel snap onto the top ( page 172 ) . when the guest had finish the main cours , mrs. dunn said , `` the cake we are serv is gateau des roi . `` 
 he had treat her ill , and had left her noth but her eye to cri with , her hous to live in and the privileg of refus her sympathi to all other unfortun peopl , becaus , as she use to say , she had suffer everyth that it was possibl to suffer. ( 1 at the hopit des capucins. ) ( 2 a work by fenelon , describ telemachus ' search for his father ulysses. ) ( 3 georg cadoud ( 1771-1804 ) was a soldier and intrigu ; charl pichegru ( 1761-1804 ) was a general. ) as sylvi , the stout cook , heard her mistress ' step , she made hast to serv the breakfast of the regular boarder . 
 that will do me good , too . `` `` are you veri busi ? `` ask gil delgado when the drink was serv . 
 cool in the sauc and then drain and chill. serv as an hor d'oeuvr . 
 strain and tast for seasoning. stir in the sherri and serv pipe hot . 
 alway arrang food and accessori so that they are most conveni for your guest . have the hot plate where peopl will start serv themselv . 
 there was the wake too earli ; the first cigarett , lie in bed ; the shabbi clamor of his bodi drag him back to schoolday and a handkerchief stuf guiltili out of sight in his tartan case ; mother 's rap on the door and entranc with a cup of tea , her hair in a net , her lip dri on a forehead sure even she would feel still sweat ; the tea go down , sooth , smooth out , till it hit the bowel ; and rise , he began the day . and breakfast , bright serv and delici cook , pleasur beyond belief after the bayswat gas-r , slice loaf and nescaf . 
 turn the heat up at the last to brown and crisp the outside. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with grill or fri onion and garlic bread . 
 place in oven and bake until syrup is absorb by bread , about 30 minutes. serv warm. serv 6 . 
 `` do ? whi , you put out your hand , say `` how do you fare ? `` and then serv her someth tea , i suppos , though they say she drink like a fish . '' 
 though onc a popular fare in seafood restaur throughout california , abalon is so expens that it has disappear from most menus. `` i 'd be happi to serv it , but the price is way too high , and i ca n't count on suppli , '' say scott bridg , the general manag of dant 's sea catch , a popular seafood restaur in san francisco . 
 self-servic from a buffet is the best answer to mani peopl and limit space. the food can be attract arrang so that the guest can serv themselv from one or two side of the tabl or buffet , then seat themselv inform both insid and outsid the hous if weather permit . 
 correct seasoning. serv hot or cold. serv 8 . 
 i prefer this dish unthicken , but if you like a thicker sauc , add small ball of butter and flour knead togeth and stir these in until the juic is thick and smooth. serv oxtail ragout with boil or bake potato ; tini white onion brown in butter and cook until just tender ; and hot garlic french bread . 
 pour the sauc over the meat. suggest accompani : arrang boil potato and onion around the meat on the platter and serv with butter spinach and dill pickl . 
 each chapter in this book suggest one way that you can give a parti or help a younger child give one. there are game you can play ; refresh you may want to serv ; and invit , decor , and favor you can make . 
 heat gentl ; do not let boil . serv 4 to 6 . 
 stir constant until thickened. add vanilla and serv . 
 second : the next step will be a love all-day process , just right for a raini or snowi day saturday , for instanc , when there is no school and you have plenti of time to yourself . the puritan housewif alway cook her bean all day saturday , serv them for dinner on saturday night , and again as leftov warm over the follow sunday noon . 
 fish and fowl plenty. oyster i think would serv all england . 
 sever ham will be auction off , the proceed of which will be deposit in the highest bidder ' share account . dinner will be serv at 5:30 p.m. the price of the dinner will be $ 2^50 , of which $ ^50 will be paid for by the credit union . 
 no one know it is there until a beachcomb , search for glass ball and odd bit of driftwood , see the dark thing in the surf at four in the morn . he rub his eye , then run to a seasid cafe that serv earli breakfast to the perch fishermen . 
 he savor good italian food and like the fruiti white wine from the rhineland-palatin , his home region. `` schmidt onli serv coca-cola , '' one social democrat offici rememb glum . 
 drain and chill. serv as an appet or salad cours . 
 these will cook faster in about 15 minut , but they are less like pud and more like popovers. suggest accompani : with your beef roast , brown potato and yorkshir pud you might serv rosemari butter . 
 for , instead of serv the intermin chip ' n ' dip , dough-encrust sausag and spread-top toast round , nut and pretzel , to be follow by meat and potato , she introduc a note of eleg surpris with a crystal-clear amber consomm , a delic cream of almond soup , or perhap an inspir concoct of artichok and white wine . gracious serv at the tabl in love china cup , the effect upon the famili and guest satur with the ordinari , can be startl . 
 sinc he could n't be too articul around mother , he appoint me as his intermediari . `` hell , i ai n't go to be coop up like a beejeezeley , sweet-smel , bobbed-hair housewif , push a work tabl around like i was serv tea , `` he explod . 
 it may have enough youth charm to be pleasant and enough charact to be recogniz , but it never fulli develop qualiti and die young and unfulfil . these wine suit modern condit when restrict storag space prevent wine be laid down and lack of time depriv them of proper care in decant and serv . 
 sear the meat quick on both side over a high heat and reduc the heat and cook , turn the meat onc more until the hamburg have achiev your desir state of doneness. serv as for broil hamburg , abov . 
 `` just like eat out of a can , `` remark mr. baker . while the guest were serv themselv , larri and his mother put chili sauc , catsup , carrot strip , and bottl of relish on each tabl . when everyon was seat , mr. and mrs. baker serv milk . 
 most often , they were candi in a butteri sugar syrup ( after boil ) . but they were also use in pud and souffl , and plain bake sweet potato were serv with great glob of countri butter . 
 bring to a boil. serv with crouton fri in butter until crisp . 
 put a lid on the casserol and bake in a dg350 oven for 1-1/2 hour or until the meat is tender. serv with hot biscuit or hot bread and a good green salad . 
 or use a salamand a special french utensil which is heat red hot and then held over the sugar to glaze it . cool befor serv . 
 with thyme : bast with consomm flavor with thyme. with mushroom : serv with broil mushroom , broil bacon and crisp potato . 
 bake in a dg350 oven for 1 hour. serv hot with heavi cream or ice cream . 
 garnish with thin slice of lemon and sprinkl with snip dill . serv 6 to 8 . 
 season with sherri , salt and pepper . serv 4 . 
 season with salt and pepper and return chicken to soup. serv with matzo ball , if desired. serv 6 . 
 bake in a dg400 f. oven until thorough heat about 5 minutes. serv from the casserole. serv 6 . 
 it was indefens , he said , to celebr the lord 's supper at the sabbath morn service. the proper time to serv supper was in the even . 
 this should take onli about 8 to 10 minutes. cut in wedg and serv from the skillet. this omelet benefit by be serv with a sauc . 
 he sniffl and wept , but wolf larsen was pitiless. `` and see that you serv no more slop , `` was his part injunct . 
 derrick jump up to get a cup for the fisherman , but emil hedla was ahead of him. sink back , derrick watch his rival bring a fill cup and serv it to clement , who reward him with a comrad smile . 
 chill thorough in a bowl in the refriger . serv 8 . 
 tast for season and pour the sauc over the scallops. serv with gnocchi ( see page 111 , v2 ) . this cut may be roast , but you will find it much tastier if you brais it and serv it with a rich sauc . 
 benedictin monk have brew beer at the monasteri sinc it was built in 1455 atop the holi mountain , name for the religi relic discov in a ruin castle. they serv it to pilgrim . 
 `` dr. mcdonald was up with the sun. he took over a mess tabl and set up his paraphernalia. ben follow my order and told the cook not to serv breakfast to ani man until he had been vaccin , and they obey . 
 chill. when readi to serv , beat the reserv egg white . 
 warm the soup bowl in a dg150 oven for 3 or 4 minut . add to soup 1/8 teaspoon pepper , 1 tablespoon chop parsley , and just befor serv add the 2 chop hard-boil egg . 
 this will take about 1/2 to 3/4 hour. serv with grate parmesan chees and crisp butter toast . 
 do not baste. serv the rump roast with the accompani suggest for rib roast . 
 strain the juic from the pan through a veri fine siev and tast for seasoning. serv the slice meat with the cold sauc and with tini gherkin . 
 strain the soup over all . serv 6 . 
 the girl put her head insid the blanket across the cave mouth. `` enter now and serv the supper . '' 
 although it was farther north than kabul , the weather that morn in mazar was balmi . breakfast was serv in the hotel 's huge dine room , which look to be the size of a ballroom and , compar to our sleep quarter , it was opul . 
 he greet diner in the front hall so `` there 's no doubt who 's go to be cooking. '' he emerg into the coffe salon to receiv compliment onli after all meal are serv . 
 season with salt and pepper . serv 8 . 
 strain the hot broth into the tureen. if desir , serv with croutons. serv 4 to 6 . 
 for his lunch-tim sandwich the industri worker rare use the tradit margarin and jam ; despit the high price , he may insist on butter , and ham or liver sausag to go with it . scotch or canadian whiski , or a good domest or french brandi , hard known about befor the advent of televis and magazin advertis , are now serv when friend drop in , or on special famili occas . 
 stir in the butter , parsley and mint . serv 6 . 
 turn heat down , cover , and simmer for 2 minutes. serv in soup bowl or deep plate . 
 about 15 minut on each side should just about do it. cut into pie-shap wedg and serv while hot . 
 turn them onc or twice dure the cook , season to tast with salt and pepper and bast with the juic in the pan. serv the fresh ham with the potato and onion , brais cabbag or sauerkraut , dill pickl and thin slice rye bread. appl sauc flavor with horseradish or fri appl ring and horseradish , serv separ , go well with this dish . 
 cook up for a minut or two and add to the hot rich cream sauce. serv on rice and accompani with chutney and toast chop almond . 
 add salt and pepper if necessary. pour the sauc over the pork roll and serv with butter noodl , chop spinach dress with tarragon butter and ice-cold beer . 
 sprinkl lavish with chop parsley. with this serv a rice pilaff mix with raisin and pine nut . 
 steam over hot water , cover , for 3 hour , or until the cornmeal has becom a firm loaf. serv cut in slice with plenti of butter , salt , pepper , and if you like , grate parmesan cheese. with sauc : serv with ani of the tomato sauc , chees sauc , or spaghetti sauc suggest in the sauc or pasta chapter . 
 kaplan sat strap to the toilet , fast asleep. `` that 's some coffe you serv , `` said leder . 
 next , remov the littl green hulls. choos the ripest , largest berri to use as decor on the top of the shortcak when it is readi to serv . 
 it is flatten out and roll with a bacon or pork strip . ( the butcher doe this job ; you do n't . ) it is best when saute quick in butter ( page 111 ) and serv on crisp toast . 
 sprinkl with nutmeg . serv 6 . 
 continu cook , skim surfac occasion , until meat is fork-tender. remov meat and continu cook broth until readi to serv . 
 add the spinach about 3 minut befor cook time is up . serv 6 to 8 . 
 in the earli 1860 's it had thirti methodist chapel and blossom a few year later into a town of crowd cafe , german band , illumin hotel and a stock exchang where specul from melbourn made overnight fortun . red carpet were spread and champagn serv underground to visit notabl . 
 back in 1984 , tv viewer were amus by a clever new commerci in which a man in a bar holler `` gim me a light , '' but was serv a flame torch instead of a mug of beer . 
 for them , the general secretari keep open house. he like to cook for his guest , shirt-sleev roll up , and to serv them himself . 
 drain thorough and chill . this may be serv as an appet or salad . 
 simmer for about 5 minutes. serv with rice , french-fri onion ring , chop salt peanut , a good chutney and slice banana dress with oliv oil and a littl wine vinegar . 
 pour in pineappl , lower heat , and simmer , cover , for 20 minutes. serv on hot platter with pineappl pour over. serv 4 -- 6 . 
 much of the food valu lie just under the skin and is lost if peel away . after cook , the skin will slip off easili , if you prefer serv them without their jacket . 
 to ensur that hot soup reach the diner hot , heat the soup plates. serv cold , chill or jelli soup breath a happi mist of frost . 
 for a bike-hik the stick should be omit and the bag lunch made to fit a bicycl basket , or a backpack if the outing will be overnight. tail-gat buffet picnic this is a veri popular and practic way to serv lunch just befor that big footbal game , or when travel . 
 it delic textur and surpris nippi tast sent me look for it in market to enjoy in green salad and soup . coriand is often put fresh in chines soup just as they are serv to let the heat bring out the sharp flavor . befor serv it so , a tact host is expect to ask novic , `` doe everybodi like hsiang-t ' ai ? `` 
 the afternoon coffe was not an elabor event . mama usual serv coffe bread and skorpor , which she alway had on hand . 
 boil leek ( see abov ) , drain and cool. soak in a vinaigrett sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) for an hour or so and serv on a bed of green as a salad cours . 
 add to cook prune and bring to a boil. chill to serv . 
 if well season , it is tasti and refresh . unfortun much of the `` cole slaw `` serv these day is simpli cabbag with oil and vinegar . 
 season with salt and pepper . serv 8 . 
 allow your imagin some leeway in soup servic , accord to season , time of day and dine occasion. use your old-fashion glass to serv clear , cold soup on the rock . 
 replac the top circl and garnish with sugar whole berries. serv with heavi cream , whip cream or sour cream . 
 `` you wo n't find the chefs. `` charl masson suggest anoth way out : `` if i were twenty-f , i would take a hole in the wall , about eight tabl , with no union , and serv qualiti food . 
 mayb it was onli afternoon in new york , but my mouth began to water for that nicest meal in england , hot , strong tea with butter scone , bitter marmalad , and biscuits. `` when do they serv tea ? '' 
 whenev chew wong sulk , his cook suffer , and it final was decid to allow bill the run of the kitchen . chew wong outdid himself then with the meal that he serv up , and the kitchen rang with pidgin english and cackl laughter . 
 they should be done in 5 to 8 minut , but test with a fork or toothpick. serv with parsley butter and lemon wedg . 
 `` oh good ! `` cri miss rhys-jon , and a veri wide smile that show much of her upper gum spread across her face . with all serv , the wine pour , the second put around , michael step back for a moment by the screen while the individu voic mix , sound shrill and lace through with senseless laughter . 
 you may need to add a littl boil water to the bottom of the kettl occasionally. unmold the hot pud and serv with a cognac sauc . 
 remov hull either with your finger or with the help of a pare knife or , best of all , with a littl metal huller which can be found in ani housewar store. serv in a pretti glass bowl or one which match the china you re use on the tray . 
 waddel , dure the scuffl , trip over a suitcas , fell on his shoulder and wrench himself right out of the approach world seri . waddel use to amus everybodi by his antic don a barkeep 's apron and serv beer to a full hous , dive off ferryboat or chase fire engin dure ball game . 
 toy and book were alway put back in place . meal were serv punctual and all the children were expect to be in their place at the proper time . 
 the maid even wore a littl frill cap and an apron. and when aunt mari want her to serv the tabl , she press a button under the carpet with her foot and a bell rang in the kitchen . 
 cover and simmer for 30 minut . suggest accompani : tradit sauerbraten is serv with dumpl . 
 all this scarc correspond with the children 's idea of what a famili meal should be like . jean-claud and jean-paul would sigh : `` what we 'd realli like would be a steam tureen on the tabl and mamma serv out the soup . `` 
 `` let us dine . `` refresh were serv buffet style . 
 we learn avers ; but if we tri we can also learn to overcom them , though it is sometim a slow process . i still rememb my first exposur to high game venison serv me by an epicur whom i great admir ; i did n't have the courag to refus the stuff and show my provinci background . 
 add chicken , pimiento and mushroom and keep warm over hot water. serv in patti shells. serv four . 
 the fish is done when it flake easily. serv the fillet right from the broiler pan or slip the whole foil line , with the fish on top , onto a platter. serv with addit melt butter to which you have ad chop parsley , and lemon wedg . 
 the liver should be nice brown on the outsid and pink inside. season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and serv with bearnais sauc , french-fri onion , saute potato and a good toss salad with plenti of oliv oil and wine vinegar dress . 
 when eat out , good , quick meal can be obtain from the spacious and eleg self-servic cafeteria , found everywher , among other place in depart store ( epa , ringbaren , etc. ) they serv wine and beer , but not spirits. grill-bar also serv lavish portion , and , as they are run by italian and spaniard , servic is brisk. not so in a real swedish restaur , where it can take an astonish long time to get serv , and even longer to get the bill afterward . 
 bake at dg350 f. 25 to 35 minut . this bread keep veri well , and is delici when warm , though ordinarili limpa is slice veri thin and serv cold . 
 reserv a few of the glaze prune for garnish and add the rest to the meat pot a few minut befor the veal is done. arrang the meat on a hot platter , decor with the glaze prune and serv the unthicken sauc separ . 
 a long tabl had been set up in the gymnasium close to the kitchen , and the refuge ate togeth . mom had taken olga heintzman and mrs. hedla as her assist , and when everyon was serv they also sat down . 
 still , he never fake emot , you never saw exagger facial express , hand-wav or chin-trembl . he serv you the bird done to perfect but it lack season and the stuf was flat . 
 bake in a preheat dg350 oven for 1/2 hour. serv hot , cut into portion like a pie . 
 season with salt , pepper and cayenn . add the chop pickl just befor serv . when the chop are brown , arrang them on a platter and serv with the hot devil sauc . 
 file powder may be substitut if okra is not avail . file should not be ad until just befor serv , and should never be boil , as that make it bitter . 
 cut the pie with serv knife and pie server . this tart may be serv while still slight warm or when entir cool . never put in refriger befor serv . 
 whi leftov beef should ever be a problem i can not understand . there is noth better than cold roast , slice paper thin and serv with mustard , chutney or pickl walnut ( these can be found in almost ani food specialti shop ) . meat to be serv cold should be remov from the refriger an hour or so befor eat to allow it to return to room temperatur . 
 add potato and continu cook until they are tender . serv 6 to 8 . 
 for sauc , see page 332-337. cook as you do macaroni ( see abov ) and serv plain , sprinkl with grate parmesan chees or in ani of the way suggest for noodl . 
 sinc i am a scotchman , and a `` good eater , `` i pass the prais right at the start . the rest of the meal is alway serv with a littl more person attent by both waiter and cook and the dish are fill generous . 
 sprinkl with chop parsley dure the last five minutes. serv with bake potato and succotash . 
 dress with vinaigrett sauc and garnish with chop chive or littl green onions. serv with mayonnais on the side , if you like . 
 blend thorough and heat through. serv with rice bake in chicken broth and color with saffron ( a veri tini pinch is ampl ) . 
 sinc this was the onli beat he ever work , he was nowher . `` let 's go in here , `` i said , lead the way into a greek 's where they serv both liquor and ice cream . 
 reheat , but do not let boil . serv 2 to 4 . 
 insid , abov a layer of jam-pack , shout face , a bottl of champagn wave to and fro. we squeez close enough to see that it was brandish by a young man dress as a french sailor who was tri to serv drink . 
 the next rule is `` young befor old `` , for the clear reason that old wine develop an intens of flavour which is lack in young wines. this may seem strang at first sight in some case and i have often heard the argument that it would be better to serv an old claret befor a young burgundi . 
 when i had a tea , it would alway be twenti or thirti . never ani less than half a dozen differ kind of cake were ever serv in this hous . 
 they return to the dun and ate and drank and made their plan . naikeri serv them on the mound outsid the door and listen but said noth , not understand what was be plan . 
 the chines and french , two peopl fame for their cookeri , both respect veget and give them fine treatment . in the orient , tender asparagus , snow pea or young green bean are cook gentl , just to the done stage , and serv up still a littl on the bitey side . 
 viola pucker her lip , annoy . the night befor benni had talk the bartend at andi 's tavern into serv nine-year-old tommi and me whiski . 
 add oyster with their liquor and continu cook until oyster edg begin to curl. serv with a bowl of hot , fluffi boil rice to spoon into the gumbo. serv 6 . 
 bake 30 to 45 minut , until brown . serv 8 to 9 . 
 reduc heat and simmer , cover , for 4 hour , skim occasion and ad a littl more boil water if needed. strain and serv with brown the onion and garlic in hot lard . 
 heat bouillon and water to piping. serv with two slice of avocado float on top of each cup or bowl . 
 no , they would dine alon . he need not dress ... dinner was serv , intim , befor the fire in the huge live room . 
 pour the beaten egg white into soup just befor turn off heat. serv at once. serv 4 . 
 until around world war ii , eggnog parti were exceed popular in the nation 's capit . typic southern specialti such as biscuit fill with chicken salad or ham and plate of fruitcak and sweet cooki were serv with it . 
 do not let the water boil , and do not let the chees mixtur get too hot or the egg will curdle. as soon as it is hot through , serv it over well-butt toast . 
 mrs. loeving say lefs are easier to handl than the recip sound , but that it is realli a job for two peopl one to roll out the lefs , and one to flip them on the grill . yield : 15 pancak danish festsupp is often serv at special gather dure the holiday . 
 his second choic was jack and charli 's `` 21 . `` there , he note , a hous specialti of bone squab stuf with wild rice , foie gras , and truffl , and serv with a madeira sauc , cost all of $ 2^25 . 
 chill until ici cold. serv with an ice cube or two in each bowl . 
 wash green well ahead of time , shake to remov excess moistur , wrap in a clean tea towel , and refriger to crisp. when readi to serv , tear the green in bite-s piec into a salad bowl . 
 anxious to do our bit to commemor the great day , we queri the villag father as to what the school 's role had been in the past . it develop that a communiti dinner had alway been cook at the school and serv to the entir populac . 
 bake in 450 degre oven 10 -- 15 minut or until bubbl . serv 8 . 
 the old-tim use lard instead of butter . note ii this recip can also be serv as a first cours , in which case the 12 prawn or 24 shrimp will serv 6 peopl easili . 
 wrap in clean towel and lay on platter with enough weight on top to press chicken slight togeth , but not to squeez out juice. cool and refriger until time to serv . 
 in scandinavia the food variat between the rich and the poor are not as differ as those in other countri . meal might be serv four or five time a day . 
 place hard roll on a cooki sheet and heat in 350 degre oven along with the fish pud until pipe ( 15 -- 20 minut ) . serv wrap in a napkin to retain heat . 
 they can be roast whole or split and broiled. serv 1 chicken per person . 
 season with salt and pepper. remov pork , slice , and serv separ with a good spici mustard. serv 6 to 8 . 
 garnish with crouton or crisp bacon bit . serv 6 . 
 pour the mixtur into a souffl dish greas and dust with sugar and bake in a dg350 oven for 35 to 45 minut or until brown and puffed. serv with a custard sauc . 
 top each with 1/4 of the meringue. chill until readi to serve. serv 4 . 
 `` the tall , stoop-should woman is wait for us outsid her room and invit us insid . she gracious serv us coffe and littl squar of chocol . 
 some food shop carri their own make. serv pate chill and turn out on a platter . 
 chill . unmold in time for serv . 
 dessert fluffi omelet : omit the salt and add 1 tablespoon of sugar to the omelet mixture. when it is cook sprinkl the top with confection 's sugar and serv with melt jam or jelli as a sauc . 
 add more liquid if necessary. serv with pan juic . 
 cook for a few minut until the meat is tender , the liquid is reduc a littl and the flavor are well blended. serv with a rice pilaff , fresh string bean with almond and toast garlic bread. variat : serv these tarragon scallop cold with a potato salad dress with oliv oil and wine vinegar . 
 stir well and reheat for a few seconds. add the parsley and ham and serv veri hot. serv 4 . 
 bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minut , or until tender when test with a fork. serv the squash in the shell with addit butter , salt and pepper . 
 add sherri , if desir , and heat well. serv in a sauc boat so that each person may take as much as he like for his fish pud . 
 if pie crust is ad , bake until crust is golden . serv 4 to 6 . 
 ale was brought to him there and he drank . there were no women at the banquet , of cours , other than those who serv the drink , nor was their presenc permit at so import a function . 
 these will cook in about half the time. serv chill with cream or whip cream . 
 on recent day when he has need money for a textbook , the famili has gone without meat. `` i serv zucchini sandwich , spinach sandwich , '' say his mother , a clean ladi rais five children alon . 
 `` she wait while catherin finish the sicken sweet tea . then she told her what time breakfast was serv , and went out . 
 they should take about 8 to 10 minutes. serv warm or cold with cream. with custard sauc : serv with custard sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . with ice cream : serv over ice cream. with other fruit : serv in combin with other stew or poach fruit . 
 some of these can be excel if ripe and sharp . these are rich creami chees best serv with fresh fruit at the end of the meal . they must be taken from the refriger some time befor serv , or they will be hard and tasteless . 
 this was alway held , year after year , on a friday evening. mackenzi , ever shi and distant , refus to mingl in the festiv , and beg of my foreman to be permit to serv at the buffet . 
 he began with a campaign for bread when no woman in her right mind was bake bread ! no ring of rubi went to my finger until he made it clear in a written communic : serv home bake bread was to be one of the goal of `` the littl hous . `` 
 at time i went down . she carri the mealbowl from tabl to tabl , smile quiet , as if the peopl she serv , her husband 's peopl , were her own . 
 for small mold , boil 2 to 2-1/2 hour ; for larg mold , 4 hours. serv hot with or without custard sauc . 
 if the occas is a tea , the tea servic should be handl by the hostess or someon invit to take charg of this. the young peopl can serv the guest , take away the use cup and saucer , and pass tini sandwich , cake or cooki . 
 most of these report are mail , but physician must phone in the inform immedi if it involv one of 15 particular worrisom diseas , from measl to yellow fever or cholera. they also must report immedi if it even appear that ani diseas on the list might have been contract in such place as day-car center , nurs home or hospit -- or from food serv in an institut or restaur . 
 `` i hope she wo n't be too much troubl . here you have n't even finish serv breakfast yet . 
 when my mother , part of whose educ was at convent , came from america to torregreca for a brief visit , the mother superior startl her by take over the duti of a waitress and offer everi dish of a complex luncheon herself . she brush asid my object with , `` by serv the mother , i show respect for the child . 
 the fruits-of-the-sea , as the french call seafood , were abund and delici . the `` habit , `` giant martiniqu prawn or shrimp , and the red land crab were serv with rice , and high season with nativ herb and spice . 
 i am more than grate to the offic of the australian news and inform bureau of the depart of the interior , both in canberra and london , for answer factual queri with such effici and dispatch and for suppli photograph , and to the invari kind and courteous staff of the librari both at australia hous and in canberra , where mrs. dawson gave me so much valuabl help. you reach australia when they serv you chop for breakfast in your qanta aircraft , 30,000 feet abov the central desert . 
 the avail and conveni of can and frozen food , plus the advertis that would have you believ they re as health as fresh food , too often lead the housewif to take the lazi way out . so she open a packag or can , serv these lifeless unappet veget to her famili and tell her children : `` eat your veget ; they re good for you . `` 
 final , add the second dosag of cognac , flame , and spoon the sauc over the crepes. serv at onc . 
 fine , rich egg noodl can be bought ready-made. an 8-ounc packag will serv 4 to 6 person . 
 in bake , the cake will rise up out of the pan , but in cool it will settl back down. chill to serv . 
 corn beef and the irish seem to go together. howev , if you wish , you can serv ani other meat ; for exampl , press can meat , roast beef , or meat loaf . 
 he descend to the deck. `` tell the cook to serv breakfast to the crew as soon as possibl , '' he told dobb . 
 few peopl make a plain spong cake nowaday . this is a piti , for it is a veri versatil cake , excel serv plain with fruit , surpris good when a littl stale if moisten with rum or liqueur and top with a rich custard sauc . 
 wrap in foil and warm in a dg200 oven about 20 minutes. slice in thick piec and serv . 
 heat through but do not boil again. serv with boil rice ( page 111 , v1 ) . 
 in the silenc after the thunder georg could not hear the drone of the engin , and he watch until the cloud came apart again and he could see the blur of the propel befor they enter anoth bank of gray clouds. `` i wish they 'd serv drink , `` the woman said . 
 look out , you re let the stew burn . `` he reach around her to turn off the heat , push her gentl into a chair at the kitchen tabl , and serv the stew . 
 add salt and pepper to taste. when readi to serv , arrang the slice of meat on a round platter and heap the turnip-potato mixtur in the middl . 
 it was trim and natti look , well enough , but it choker collar shut off air , it tight tunic was hot and stiff , and the tape putte wound around their leg cut off circul . they also said uncomplimentari thing about the food serv them . 
 add the butter the last time you stir it. serv with cream . 
 cool , then chill. serv cold with a spoon of sour cream in each bowl. serv 6 . 
 drain the potato and remov the skins. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with butter , allow plenti for jersey sweet . 
 vasso wheel through her guest like a dervish , urg them to eat , to drink . the priest , serv by vasso and by his wife , ate as though he had fast for forti day . 
 there is no trace of hatr in his voic , nor is there ani in the voic of the owner , a former armi lieutenant. the simpl fact is , in the cafe call latin-musiqu at 96 boulevard saint-germain , they do n't serv black anymor . 
 his scheme work perfect . `` in the philippin we would have a great mani thing for the christma feast , `` a friend say , `` but here it is most often a bone stuf chicken serv onli with fruit salad . `` filipino usual serv the stuf chicken lukewarm , but mani will prefer it cold like a pate . 
 cover the pan tight and bake in a dg350 oven for 25 to 30 minut , or until all the liquid is absorbed. serv with plenti of butter . 
 dave elli move over to join ted callison , chet , and roy veeder in the other sled . kennart had brought provis with him : bundl of dri meat , of the sort that had been serv at the banquet . it was not that he had ani prejudic against the food the new yorker would serv him ; he simpli prefer his own . 
 remov the bard bacon from the breast dure the last 15 minut of cooking. serv with wild rice or barley and small white onion steam in butter . 
 sprinkl with siev hard-cook egg yolk and chop parsley . serv 2 to 4 . 
 french gourmet use a much shorter tulip- or cone-shap glass. other advic : do n't serv champagn too cold ; over-chil kill the flavor ( from 43 to 46 degre f. is about right ) . do n't serv a veri dri , or brut , champagn with sweet thing ; they make the wine tast sour . 
 add rum , madeira or sherri to taste. serv with a select of garnish list below. serv 4 to 6 . 
 kemp also rais about $ 2 million but goe $ 200,000 in debt. biden 's total of over $ 2 million top democrat ; he rake in $ 435,000 at a california lunch serv import caviar . 
 garnish each serv with a sprinkl of snip dill or chive , a thin slice of lemon or a bit of caviar . serv 6 . 
 `` it 's the length of a footbal field , but not quit as wide. we can serv 10,000 meal a day here and for our thanksgiv dinner we have over two and a half ton of turkey . 
 the breakfast itself was eleg . mazar is famous for her melon , one of afghanistan 's major export , and succul juici melon ball were serv to us on crystal tray . 
 pour the batter into a well-butt casserol and bake at dg375 for 35 to 40 minut , or until light , puffi and brown on top. serv from the casserol with a spoon , and pass plenti of butter , salt and pepper . 
 arrang these around the edg of the platter. garnish with strip of pimiento and ripe oliv and serv with vinaigrett sauc . 
 `` it 's a type of cabin fever , '' she figures. boozer are particular nuisanc , and they are sure to make a scene if flight attend refus to serv them . 
 we need to provid program where there is more structur and consistency. '' the men who stay in capt. rondon 's gymnasium are expect to work for their night 's lodg by sweep the build , help to serv the next day 's meal or , now dure the holiday season , man the christma kettl . 
 the 149 district in our area contain about 575,000 school kid . we estim that they are serv about 150,000 lunch now , which is not enough ; but befor we got to work they were give out no more than 50,000 . 
 stir in the sherri ( unless the can soup has alreadi been flavor with wine ) . serv veri hot , garnish with croutons. serv 6 to 8 . 
 i told him to forget the prowler and join me in `` sto lat , `` the polish drink song that say , `` may you live a hundr years. `` with a good-natur laugh he said no , it was too earli , and refus to serv me ani more or rather diplomat persuad me not to ask him for ani more . 
 cool , then chill. serv veri cold in chill soup cup , each garnish with a thin slice of lemon. serv 6 . 
 a period of about two hour is safe for young , robust wine , whilst more delic wine are safer with a shorter period of about an hour . wine over thirti year old are safest decant just befor be serv , or serv care direct from a decant basket . 
 it sign read : `` credit card honor whatev they are . `` leonard lyon in the antique-styl nell gwyn 's tavern in new york the menu say : `` histor authent english food is serv in hyster inaccur english surround . `` 
 continu beat and cook over hot water until the sauc is thicken and hot. serv at onc . 
 excarol and romain , have firmer leav , will take a littl longer. serv with the crumbl bacon bit sprinkl on top . 
 pour into a butter mold and follow direct for cook steam lemon pud ( see abov ) , steam the chocol pud for 2-1/2 hours. serv with a chocol sauc and whip cream . 
 `` we do n't know how to tell the doctor that mani american boy do n't like wine ; they are n't use to have it at home , as the french are , `` report one of her team at one hospit . `` everi now and then , as a treat , wine is serv here . 
 be a blueberri maven , the `` hotel giant blueberri : blueberri as big as quarter ! '' sound irresist , especi given the editori snicker that `` some grower boast berri as big as nickel but our will regular cover a quarter. '' what 's more , `` the giant blueberri serv in ritzi hotel and restaur are puni compar to those you can grow from our special select huski plants. '' ( regular huski ? ) 
 i do my best for them. i consid the food we serv as import as the medic . 
 juic may be thicken if desir with a littl flour mix with water . serv 6 . 
 mcgraw tri to shorten his social radius by send his pay check to mrs. raymond. he forbad the bartend in the train town of marlin to serv him a drink ever . 
 the beggar sat on the stoop all day and no one bother to hide him in the garag . chicken and french fri were serv to all , but no one had ani appetit ; somehow they did n't tast as good as they use to when hajji malek dispens such tidbit from the platter to his favorit . 
 small white onion may be peel and ad to the roast pan at the same time. serv roast pork with appl sauc or glaze appl ring . 
 cook until just tender ( 5 -- 7 minut ) and drain. put butter into pan , return drain pea to it and when readi to serv turn on moder heat under the pan until pea and butter sizzl a littl ( about 1 minut ) . serv 4 -- 6 . 
 the hor d'oeuvr were raw white fish in a sauc ( veri good ) and caviar on thin slice of cold cook rice ; the soup was rich with mushroom , serv with a slice of lemon on a jade-color dish. `` if we serv a thin soup , the bottom of the bowl is decor so you can see as well as tast beauti , `` the doctor explain . 
 due sixti cent now are a dollar a year . lunch of coffe and goodi serv by three hostess for a cost of ten cent now lunch serv by five hostess at a cost of fifteen cent ( still reason ) . 
 cook for anoth 20 minut or until everyth is tender . sprinkl with fresh parsley befor serv . 
 beat the egg togeth with the port . stir the mixtur brisk into the hot soup just befor serv . 
 simmer for anoth hour. strain and serv with bit of ham from the bone . 
 it show in various littl way . like the differ in the meal his mother had been serv late ; the sudden attent given to bill ; the look on both of his parent ' face when money was brought into the convers . 
 place in a larg freezer tray and freez for 4 to 5 hour , stir occasionally. cut into squar and serv on bib-lettuc leav ; garnish with a rose-petal-cut cherri and a few nut . 
 and of cours a big stove with an elbow pipe . the dinner was n't serv yet . 
 or use chop date , currant , or apricots. decor the cooki with frost or anyth els that suit your fanci or is appropri to the occas upon which you wish to serv them . 
 figur about 3 cup of sauc for a 4- to 5-pound center cut. serv the sauc separ or pour it over the fish and garnish with slice hard-cook egg , caper and chop parsley. with dill sauc : make a dill sauc to serv with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . with caper sauc : make a caper sauc to serv with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . mornay : make a mornay sauc to serv with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 
 stir in the bread crumb , chili pulp and seed , chili powder , oregano , coriand and vinegar . cook and stir for a few minut , then add to the soup a minut or two befor serv . serv 6 . 
 but a boy who was sit in the room on a fold chair when the car drove in believ the man was mere drunk . the fifth estat serv coffe , hot chocol , coke , and sandwich , but it custom do not normal eat or drink much . 
 bake on a hot , butter griddl or in a skillet , turn once. serv with melt butter , mapl syrup or honey and a touch of lemon juic . 
 he arriv there in 1977 , with presid carter. he tell of his admir for mr. carter 's mother , the vener miss lillian , who came to the abc news trailer under the water tank at plain , georgia , to have sam serv up a shot glass of jack daniel 's straight . 
 plan togeth what game to play and decid who will introduc the game and refere them. agre on what food to serv and how to serv it . 
 garnish with crouton and sprinkl with chop chive , if desir . serv 4 to 6 . 
 add sherri . serv 3 to 4 . 
 `` all right , than . `` kent was make it clear that she was there on suffer onli becaus he could not veri well , at that hour , expect two separ meal to be serv . 
 for their part , some indigen valley resid complain that their nativ soil has alreadi becom a verit coloni of the midwest. a latino businessman saw someth symbol about recent spend 20 minut in a cafeteria line behind a group of winter texan , onli to find that the mexican entre was sold out by the time he was serv . 
 stir into the soup and chill until veri cold . add the appl just befor serv . serv 4 to 6 . 
 spain has some veri good train , such as the taf , which is streamlin , comfort , and fast . on a taf train , tray are brought to your seat at mealtim , and the food is usual as good or better than that serv on american train . 
 keep it clean. when it is time to serv dessert , insert the flower in the center of a paper cup of ice cream. be sure to serv the dessert on a plate so that the guest may take this flower out of the pot and set it on the plate befor he eat it . 
 danubian town give way to transylvanian forest as he pick up unusu friend and strang bit of inform ( hun wore skin of field mice sewn togeth ) . cosmopolitan countess serv elabor dinner in place with unpronounc name ; gypsi pan for gold as he roll them cigarett . 
 if you like some can soup just as they come , see that there 's a good assort avail . one can , dilut as direct , serv two or three . 
 midnight snack . in one famili , where the christma food is alway lavish and rich , it has becom a tradit to end christma day with a special snack of jello serv in a cut-glass bowl . 
 fold in half and fill with currant jelly. serv immedi on a heat plate. serv with tini broil sandwich . 
 chill in the refrigerator. when readi to serv , run the blunt tip of a flat knife between the cup and the flan . 
 the captain of blockade-run ship were paid in gold for smuggl such luxuri as perfum , jewelri , brandi and food delicaci . it was well known by everyon in richmond that certain privat club had dine room which serv the rarest food at a time when children suffer hunger pang . 
 she alway look as if she had just step out of a shower into a cool becom dress , had just brush her smooth shoulder-length ash blond hair , and no hazard of the day would rumpl those cloth or muss that head. she never rais her voic and her servant did not disappear on religi pilgrimag in the middl of lunch , nor serv ice cream with tomato sauc . 
 drain . put back into saucepan with a good hunk of butter and sizzl a littl befor serv , shake the pan frequent . 
 in a doubl boiler heat the jam , well mix with the water. when readi to serv , pour it over vanilla ice cream in individu dishes. serv 10 . 
 place in a preheat dg325 oven for 40 minutes. serv pipe hot . 
 turn the celeri often to be sure it is even bathed. serv on romain with a garnish of chop green onion or chive . 
 just abov where the plate will be , print the name in big , bold letter . or , the name can be print vertic a good idea when the food will be serv after everyon is seat . 
 garnish with hard-cooked-egg slice and chop parsley , and top with a spoon of sour cream , if desired. slice the meat and serv separately. serv 6 . 
 rapid should be within hail distanc in less than an hour. `` tell the cook to serv breakfast to the hand as soon as possibl , '' mereweth told larkin . 
 she felt that this might be done most appropri after the even meal , so at dinner time , refresh from the promis dip in the pool and the discoveri that it was quit easi to stay afloat , she came downstair bear an arm of beauti wrap packag . she put them on a chair in the entranc hall until after coffe was serv , then present them ceremoni . 
 you take a littl slug befor eat , then a littl after ! for this ceremoni , slivovitz is serv in a tini bottl with a littl glass . kolacki is serv in bohemian-american home for ani festiv occas , and alway for christma . it is a veri sweet bread , which mani american would prefer with coffe or as dessert ; but in czech home it is usual serv throughout the christma meal . 
 garnish each portion with a sprinkl of paprika . serv 6 . 
 remov with two pot holders. serv immedi in bake dish . 
 surround with thin slice of toast or veri firm bread. serv as suggest for sardin , page 11 , but garnish with chop hard-cook egg and black garlic oliv instead of lemon wedg . 
 `` resid of birmingham , alabama remnant of mani kind of christma can be found today in the southern state french , spanish , english , greek , german , moravian , italian , especi and on new year 's day a tradit that the slave must have brought is univers . from the district of columbia to texa , black-ey pea are cook with hog jowl or ham and serv in southern home for `` money in the pot `` or good luck . 
 in dalla , 1,600 peopl appli for 110 spot in a two-month train program that would enabl those chosen to teach without go back to school. one of them , former american airlin flight attend kendal haggerti , say : `` there 's a limit to how much good you re do serv tea and coke . 
 add a sprinkl of brown sugar after you turn the pineapple. serv plain or flavor with a littl rum . 
 sprinkl with chop fresh parsley . serv 8 to 10 . 
 garnish with chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 if you let cook veget stand in the hot water they lose their color and go limp. serv at onc , while still steam . 
 finish accord to instruct on the package. make a plain pilaff ( see page 111 ) and serv it with plenti of grate parmesan chees . 
 give everyon specif respons . `` pleas keep the younger children out of the kitchen until dinner is serv . `` 
 he like to keep a tight schedul , and she went along as best she could . she serv dinner each even at a certain hour except onc . 
 a few year back an oversea press club parodi of playboy magazin offer the follow respons to a mythic foreign correspond 's queri about what beverag to serv with wildebeest : `` ani good brown wine will do . '' 
 remov from heat and stir in file. remov turkey carcass , add salt and serv pipe hot. serv 6 to 8 . 
 the favorit foreign food of most american is italian , so you must certain round out your abil to present a foreign dinner parti for famili or friend with typic food of that country. it 's easi to make and to serv and delici . 
 salt and pepper to tast and add 2 tablespoon of chop parsley just befor the veal is done. serv with saute potato and tini french pea cook with onion and lettuc . 
 add escarol , onion , potato , celeri , carrot and wine , and continu cook for 30 minutes. serv with grate chees to sprinkl on top. serv 6 to 8 . 
 mani of the group of wine suggest in this chapter in the section `` everyday wine `` ( p111 , v1 ) are suitabl for the less elabor dinner parti . most of them can be serv all through a meal . it is in fact easier to list those wine which can not be serv through a meal than the revers . the onli wine serv with food are the so-cal tabl wine not the fortifi wine . 
 bring just to boil over low heat . serv 6 to 8 . 
 sever hand-lett sign along the road advertis `` puppi for sale . `` i found myself wish that mrs. william had serv carrot for dinner . 
 just be sure that you put hot water into the pot to warm it befor you fill it and that the coffe is hot. the same goe for the pot in which you serv the hot milk , which should be heat but not boil . 
 in septemb 1875 , mort believ the problem had been solv . at a luncheon for three hundr guest , he serv meat that had been kept frozen for fifteen month . 
 down the right-hand side of the court were the royal kitchen , and to the left the hall of the divan where the sultan 's minist met and where ambassador were receiv by the grand vizier . they were general serv a lavish dinner befor be conduct through the gate of felic at the far end of the court and into the throne room beyond . 
 everi person should feel at home and more than welcom ; everyon should be greet with a hug and a warm handshake. if the household can radiat warmth and good fellowship as well as serv a perfect dinner , the day will glow in memori down the year . 
 remov to a hot platter and season to taste. serv with ani of the sauc suggest abov for sirloin or porterhous . 
 empanadita are spanish fri pie that have adopt american mincemeat for fill . tradit , they are serv between meal with wine . 
 ambrosia was an integr part of christma everywher in the south , creol or otherwis . ordinarili , it was serv as a dessert after the heavi christma meal , but in our famili it has been the chief compon of christma breakfast as long as anyon can rememb . 
 suggest accompani : veri crisp home-fri potato and fresh asparagus with melt butter . one tenderloin steak serv one person . 
 back in tokyo , execut are talk about buy american brokerag hous and hire more specialist in field rang from bond trade to arbitrag to fed watching. `` we do n't want to be a japanes restaur in new york serv onli sushi and sukiyaki , '' say yoshio terasawa , nomura 's execut vice presid in charg of intern business. `` we want to serv french cuisin , american fast food , everyth , in the futur . '' 
 add the grate switzerland chees and pour the soup into a larg casserol , or into individu casserol , and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minutes. top with the toast bread slice , sprinkl with grate parmesan chees and serv . 
 turn out upsid down on cake plate or rack. serv warm or cold . 
 each of the period of impot occur when he was cook for himself , eat irregular and without regard for varieti or nutrit balanc . the first episod had clear up when he move into a colleg dormitori which serv three meal a day ( although he had n't realiz the connect at the time ) . 
 a ripe , juici plum is soft , but not mushy. one pound will serv about 4 person . 
 prepar accord to the recip for roast leg of lamb ( page 284 ) and be sure you cook it onli to the rare stage. serv with mash butter turnip and roast potato . 
 sprinkl with the salt and sugar , and pour over them the white vinegar dilut with a littl water. mix and serv , sprinkl with chop parsley . 
 mrs. malon was rememb that she realli like toni ; it was just that for the first few minut he was alway a shock . mrs. malon told vashti she could start serv breakfast as soon as it was readi , then they all sat around the tabl . 
 or arrang saute eggplant slice in a shallow , flame-proof dish , sprinkl with grate parmesan chees and run under the broiler to brown. with barbecu sauc : serv saute eggplant slice with a spici barbecu sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . with tomato and onion : serv saute eggplant slice top with grill tomato and saute onion slice . 
 an offici at anoth major u.s. auto compani suggest consum are confus by the hodgepodg incent program the compani are offering. `` i do n't know whether the dog food we have put out has n't been serv in a pretti plate , or whether the dog food itself is n't good enough , '' he ad . 
 place peel hard-cook egg along the side of this cake and mold the remain meat loaf mixtur on top. in this way you serv a slice of egg in the side of each slice of meat . 
 brush with cream or melt butter just befor remov from stove . make 18 to 20 bun moravian sugar cake is serv at candl tea held in earli decemb in old salem , north carolina . 
 return to pot , stir for a few moment , but do not boil . to serv , pour the content of the pot into a warm serv bowl . 
 introduct made , we were then escort down marbl step to the garden below . gaili stripe tent were at one end and champagn and canap were serv from them by white-co waiter . 
 the lamb will take about 1-1/4 to 1-3/4 hour to cook , for rare. serv with the pan juic and the follow bean dish : soak 2 cup of dri bean overnight. ( unless you use quick-cook bean . ) 
 it made her feel veri uncomfort . clair came back and serv the coffe awkward . 
 the custom order filet of sole and wait with keen anticip . after the dish was serv and it was a veri wateri one he wait some more . 
 an annual eleven o'clock brunch held on the saturday morn nearest may 1 . as the guest arriv , they are serv someth special to drink . one hostess alway serv coffe in pretti mexican glass cup . mani serv an eye-open demi-tass of veri hot , strong coffe . 
 or arrang the cauliflow alon on a bed of greens. serv with vinaigrett sauc , mayonnais , mayonnais flavor with mustard or chili sauc , or with a sour cream dress . 
 slowli add the cream and egg yolk , stir constantly. add the wine and cucumb and serv pipe hot. serv 2 to 4 . 
 `` most of these provis , `` said my friend jaswant singh , `` are from donor , and they come by the cartload from villag . the cook and serv are all done by volunt . 
 `` i 'd rather that she put her kid and husband first and put the busi second or third , '' he says. even at work , he has her serv him coffe and run his person errand . 
 the ingredi will at least tripl in bulk. refriger until readi to serve. serv 12 . 
 in one hous that she visit there was a heat swim pool and spare set of tog for visitor . at midnight a butler had serv hot bouillon , then rasher and egg . 
 until recent year american alway overcook lamb . peopl shi away from lamb that was the least bit pink , despit the fact that this is a meat that is much better when serv rare . a number of restaur most french , to be sure now serv fine roast lamb that resembl good rare beef . 
 today , in the yukon , alaska , they continu to do so , have move the big communiti feast or potlatch to christmas. each famili in the yukon bring plate or bowl for all it member , and the leader serv the food usual moos stew and bear meat from common contain . 
 track devic have also benefit great from the grow power of computers. for exampl , use implant transpond which interact with radio signal from a mainfram comput , b.i. inc. 's system of identif for cow instruct feed machin , also control by the mainfram , to serv up differ diet for certain anim . 
 there were dirti tray , and wine-cool en perman on the sideboard , huge dirti gilt cornic , with dingi yellow satin hang to the bar window which look into cursitor street vast and dirti gilt picture-fram surround piec sport and sacr , all of which work were by the greatest master ; and fetch the greatest price , too , in the bill transact , in the cours of which they were sold and bought over and over again . the colonel 's breakfast was serv to him in the same dingi and gorgeous plate ware . 
 heat , but do not let boil. serv with good dark pumpernickel. serv 4 to 6 . 
 at half after five i went below to set the cabin tabl , but i hard knew what i did , for my eye and brain were fill with the vision of a man , white-fac and trembl , comic like a bug , cling to the thrash gaff . at six o'clock , when i serv supper , go on deck to get the food from the galley , i saw harrison , still in the same posit . 
 add cayenne. serv hot or cold , garnish with parsley. serv 4 to 6 . 
 boil for 3 hours. to serv , reheat by steam , or wrap pud in foil paper and heat in oven . 
 i see no reason food should n't be nutriti and consist with the patient 's treatment. i ve seen hospit where they ve serv egg to heart patient . '' 
 the addit of an unusu sauc set ost kaga ( swedish chees cake ) apart from more well-known varieti . sauc is best serv warm with chill cake , but may also be serv cold . 
 `` now we are find out what the econom of the busi realli are . `` for fine restaur , rise labor cost loom as potenti disast , becaus a larg proport of their cost are built into the prepar of eleg dish serv in style , and their breakeven point is high . 
 grill as you do loin chop ( see abov ) . serv on toast with a garnish of watercress and crisp potato chip . 
 so it was that night . the woman in whose hous we stay serv us an excel soup and chicken pot with veget . 
 sprinkl with powder sugar. serv with raspberri sauc . 
 but as meet have becom more numer and elabor , mani compani have begun hire full-tim planner to help organ meet and control costs. the planner arrang everyth from travel and lodg to speaker and recreat activ to the kind of coffe serv at late-night session . 
 oh , that 's no good. that 's where they serv cardboard instead of meat . 
 top with a sprinkl of fresh ground black pepper and chop parsley. serv with rice . 
 season with salt and cayenne. add ice cube to dilut and serv veri cold. serv 6 . 
 remov with two pot holders. serv warm ( not hot ) with 1 cup heavi cream beaten until stiff , then sweeten with 2 tablespoon sugar and flavor with 2 teaspoon vanilla extract ; or serv with vanilla ice cream . 
 `` they need some quirki individu up there , some market peopl , '' contend alta cool , the editor of for your inform , an industri newsletter. other consid mr. chandler , who serv coffe to his colleagu on the compani plane , too nice to make further hard-nos cost-cut move that they consid necessari . 
 digest is made easi and complet , so that everi atom feeds. it 's a great mistak to serv such food infrequ ... . it is an interest piec of copi , with it temper phrase and it modest and mysteri claim that `` everi atom feed . '' 
 then he drank some whiskey and , though it was veri littl , it affect him immedi and he look half-daz when the waiter from room-servic knock on the door and enter with a tray . he had forgotten that he had order dinner to be serv in his room . 
 tri to plan a meal which will includ his favorit food and , especi if he 's a great outdoor cook , not the sort of food he alreadi cook superbl himself ! i think most men will like the parti beef stew suggest below ; in fact i 'm sure of it from have serv it to so mani . 
 i have work to do and so , i imagin , have you. pleas tell than to serv cocktail in the live room again this even . 
 mereweth felt a sudden warmth for this man ; at least he had experi as an offic in the navi and should not be unreason in his demands. `` sir , i alway remain on deck with the pilot while we are in the hoogh , but you are welcom to use my cabin and have sangh serv you lunch , anyth you want . 
 when it is smooth and thick , add the dri beef , pull apart into small pieces. blend thorough and serv over toast or toast muffin . 
 asparagus with too much white stalk is a wast of money , unless it is be sold at a bargain price. if you prefer to serv onli the tip of the asparagus , save the green stalk for soup or a souffle. hot , fresh asparagus is delici enough serv with plain melt butter . if you want a more elabor sauc , serv hollandais , crumb brown in butter or brown butter. cold asparagus should be serv with vinaigrett sauc ( see salad dress ) or mayonnais . 
 simpli add more liquid ( lentil broth or wine ) if it tend to get dry. with this casserol serv an onion and lettuc salad dress with oliv oil and lemon juic ( instead of vinegar ) and a good red wine . 
 this is a parti salad , so make it look as pretti as you can . do n't let it stand around befor serv . it must be serv cold . 
 if you do n't feed us soon , we ll all die of starvat and end up pluck harp in heaven ! `` mr. hunter motion to his wife to start serv dinner . `` 
 place in preheat oven and bake , uncov , until a brown crust form on top. serv at once. serv 4 . 
 garnish with dollop of whip cream or piec of fresh fruit . serv 6 to 8 . 
 from the ravag south bronx to the central citadel , just a few block from the gleam citicorp center , the armi 's christian soldier open their door night to the homeless , of whom there are probabl between 30,000 and 60,000 throughout the city. on thanksgiv , soldier and volunt serv turkey-and-cranberri dinner to near 8,500 peopl . 
 pull off the apron and split the bodi in two. leav the crab in the shell if you wish to serv it cold with mayonnais , or pick out the meat from the bodi and from the leg . 
 arrang the cook bird on a platter , remov the string and carv as you would a roast chicken. serv with creami mash potato , butter noodl or rice. 1. you may serv the broth first as a soup cours . 
 if the breast are not crisp enough , run them under the broiler for the last few minutes. serv with fri rice , butter asparagus and garlic or herb bread . 
 when he came to power he lost no time in start a crusad for prohibit . with pistol in hand he went into a late-night bar that was still serv alcohol ( uncertain as to the new regim 's polici ) and person clear it out . 
 he took extra care to includ our servant in convers , but he did it without be patron or make a show of it . when invit to dinner as our guest he was serv by abdul and khalid , but his ident was with them as a fellow afghan , and it was well establish . 
 a year later , in 1981 , the cranberri partner open the play in philadelphia with a new cast , and in 1982 , the chicago product open , in a 300-seat theater that the coupl had creat from a ballroom at the blackston , an old downtown hotel. the play is alway done cabaret style , with the audienc jam around tini tabl and serv cocktail at intermiss . 
 bake in a dg375 oven for 30 to 45 minut , or until done when test with a fork. serv with plenti of butter , salt and pepper . 
 it is wise to have wire , a stepladd , and other possibl need tool at hand . the food serv will depend on the time of day . it usual rang from christma eggnog with fruitcak , to heartier late-supp fare like oyster stew or onion soup serv in mug and accompani by garlic bread and relish . 
 instead we took a littl trip to the white mountain in new hampshir , drive over mani of the road we had driven along forti year befor on our first honeymoon . we found a love old new england inn in the midst of the mountain where the most delici food was serv and where we could rest and reliv the year we had spent togeth as husband and wife . 
 and they can spend their valuta-kupon in the beryozka ( birch tree ) store for foreign in moscow. a `` close distribut `` system likewis provid expens fur for the leader ' wive to wear at state function or delicatessen item for a moscow hostess to serv to foreign dignitari . 
 garnish with the reserv dice melon and mint leav . serv 4 . 
 garnish with chop chives. serv shrimp cook and peel but with tail left on ( see shrimp , page 111 , v2 ) with a sharp dunk sauc . 
 store and let ripen at least three day . sweet potato in some form were alway serv with holiday meal . 
 as soon as you step on the plane , a beauti stewardess take your coat and lead you to the captain 's loung . right way she start serv the booz . 
 his companion 's voic reach me , utter inarticul . he should have been taken home to bed , but was instead be serv a nightcap . 
 strain the bouillon over the veget and egg , and sprinkl with chop scallion . serv 6 . 
 well , i ve becom indiffer , as a matter of fact , and there 's someth to be said for it . onc one discov that food tast just as good serv from card tabl and eaten with dimestor cutleri , one is consider less vulner . `` 
 make a dumpl dough 11 , v1 ) and add 4 tablespoon of chop parsley to the flour when you mix the dumpl . drop spoon of this mixtur over the surfac of the stew a few minut befor serv time . 
 bake in a dg375 oven for 30 minut or until puf and brown. serv at onc with whip cream or a custard sauc flavor with the liqueur . 
 i have yet to eat a ready-cook shrimp that was not overdon , dri and tasteless , and this shellfish is so easi to prepar yourself that it seem unnecessari to depend on the fish dealer to do the cooking. one pound of unshel raw shrimp will serv 2 person ampli for a main cours , and 4 person for appet . 
 it reheat beautifully. serv in a big bowl with arrang to keep it hot . 
 pour the hot soup over the potato , and garnish with crouton if desir . serv 6 . 
 if desir , addit sour cream may be ad as garnish. serv with dark bread. serv 4 . 
 press the herb in firm with the heel of your hand so that it stick in the meat. broil accord to your favorit method ( see abov ) and serv on a hot platter . 
 `` the hotel help did n't even say , `` i told you so `` ; they sigh and went to her rescu . later we were serv a six-cours dinner . 
 i bought two crisp loav of bread and wolf them down as i wander through the alleyway of the old town . but the meal left me so hungri that i bold went into a restaur , explain that i had lost my ration ticket , and ask to be serv anyway . 
 furthermor , the experi gain will stand you in veri good stead for the rest of your life . in the five dinner which follow i have arbitrarili assum that they will be serv at seven o'clock . 
 when cool , stir , cover , and place in refriger . just befor serv , beat for a moment to be sure the sauc is complet smooth . 
 my stomach 's still tri to break that thing down into someth i can live on , just like a big piec , two big piec , of bathroom tile with some mastic in between . serv hot . 
 various dish of `` dip `` , breadstick , salt nut , cracker , chees , hot and cold canap ( constant replenish ) , and other appet are place along both side of the tabl . frozen hor d'oeuvr can be bought in advanc , pop into the oven and serv pipe hot . 
 `` i want to talk to charli . `` he went to where the bartend was serv , and jowett glare at timken . 
 largest of all is moet & chandon , the `` general motor of champagn , `` which now sell about 17 million bottl a year compar with onli five million from it nearest rival. from the expert i learn a lot about how to serv champagn often flat contradict what 's consid genteel practic elsewher . 
 let cool to room temperature. serv from the pie plate at room temperatur or chill . 
 cover and shake well. serv in chill glasses. serv 8 . 
 becaus of an urgent command from your gut . for dinner tonight , the tall ladi serv corn bread , black-ey pea and chitterl better known as chit'lin . 
 line a salad bowl with lettuc leav and fill the center with veget salad . serv 8 . 
 around five o'clock , with the bar pack and the boss and myself go like a pair of red-shank who should come slope in but the cracker and slink in after him his young brother merley a shifty-ey jackal , if ever there was one . they push their way up the crowd bar to where myko was serv . 
 i was impati not to have been call to translat . i saw marko and demetrio and webb eat a meal which the woman , maria , serv them , and i knew then that i would not be call . `` 
 i board a small motor boat which sail across the bay to the ancient chateau d'if , known best as the prison of the fictiti count of mont cristo . that night i stroll through the eleg quarter and surrend to a quiet even in a cozi restaur where i was serv an excel dinner in old-fashion splendor . 
 heat through , but do not boil or the cream will curdle. season to tast and serv on toast . 
 top each portion with a dollop of whip cream and sprinkl with minc parsley . serv 6 to 8 . 
 bake as you do appl pie ( abov ) . serv warm with heavi cream or sour cream . 
 pour over the lamb ball . serv 6 to 8 . 
 add the bourbon to the peach and juic and let them stand in this mixtur , turn them occasion to be sure they are even bathed. serv cold . 
 garnish with crouton , if desir . serv 4 . 
 season with salt and pepper and roast at dg375 for about 35 minut , or until a meat thermomet insert in the fleshi part regist dg145 to dg150. serv with crisp fri potato . 
 discard bone , cut the meat into small piec and return to soup. serv pipe hot , garnish with chop parsley or dill. serv 8 to 10 . 
 a crisp green , such as broccoli , brais lettuc or brais celeri goe well with this goulash , and pickl are an appropri addition. for dessert serv cinnamon-flavor bake appl with heavi cream . 
 she want to have both hand free for shove food into her mouth . i ve been to cater wed where they serv less food than my wife consum in one even watch the `` late show . `` 
 it is call the cessat meal becaus it preced a day of fast . `` challah `` is serv and bless by the father , as at rosh hashonah . 
 do n't leav children alon , without an older person with them. if you do not have someon to help you , serv refresh which you can put on the tabl in advanc . 
 the stock will form a firm but tender jelly. slice to serv , jelli and all. serv 20 . 
 her voic was perpetu stifl littl giggles. their head , one blond the other gray , seem to be float on cloud of smoke when i wheel in the trolley to serv them some coffe and cake . 
 they have strong individu flavour which may or may not appeal . the one wine which can be serv all through ani dinner parti without except is , of cours , champagn . 
 while such pyrotechn can be impress , most planner agre that success meet often hing on the mundane. linda carey , meet planner for dow chemic co. , see to it that onli decaffein coffe is serv at afternoon meet . 
 gentl reheat the soup but do not boil. to serv , float the egg-whit meringu on top. serv 5 to 6 . 
 make the rich cream sauc and heat the meat in the sauce. season to tast and serv on toast or hot biscuit . 
 too mani at one meal can be overwhelm . if you are serv a rich sauc on the main dish , serv a simpl veget as an accompani . 
 now she act as a kind of housemoth to spi in train . she serv a delici lunch of pea soup , spice beef and rice bake in light dough , red cabbag , tomato salad and melon , accompani by red wine . 
 arrang these around the tuna salad. serv with addit mayonnais and lemon wedges. buy firm pack , can salmon that can be serv in one piec . 
 soak in the vinaigrett sauc for sever hour , turn frequent to be sure the beet strip are even bath . an hour or two befor serv , drain the beet and mix with sour cream ; or arrang on a plate and cover with sour cream . 
 i have count carefully. ky phat will serv more beer , and fleur will soon serv the sweet rice , which will keep them from leav . '' 
 pour into a butter and sugar casserol or souffl dish and bake at dg350 for 30 to 35 minut , or until the souffl has puf up and is light browned. serv at onc . 
 but kiyoko also know that her job will involv a lot of hard work . for the 372,400-ton tanker will be crew by 30 men and four women stewardess who will be assign to clean , bed-mak , serv tea and meal and welcom foreign guest . 
 garnish with hard-cook egg slice and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 last year he open a restaur and inn. with the help of his wife and daughter , he serv noodl and put up travel for one yuan ( 27 cent ) a night . 
 chop the herb veri fine and add to the egg befor cook or right after you pour the egg into the pan. serv herb egg with a sprinkl of chop parsley on top . 
 remov the steam clam and discard ani with unopen shells. serv with bowl of the broth from the kettl and bowl of melt butter for dunk the clam as they are remov from the shell . 
 sprinkl with paprika or chop fresh parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 meantim , split roll and toast them on the grill. butter them and serv a frankfurt in each. serv 8 ( if you re also serv hamburg ) . 
 bartlett , on the market in the summer , are good both raw and cook . the comic , bosc and anjou that arriv in the fall are also good for both purpos but they are except tasti serv plain with a fine chees . 
 tradit , the sour cream is blend with flour and stir into soup , which is brought again to a boil . a more attract and much more delic flavor soup can be made by place a larg blob of sour cream in the center of each bowl of soup befor serv . 
 care staff monitor the distribut at each site. use this system , care has deliv 50,000 metric ton of food sinc our famine-relief oper began in ethiopia , where we serv 600,000 peopl a month . 
 put in preheat dg400 f. oven and cook 15 minut , or until pea are just done. serv with tini biscuit . 
 cook for 20 to 25 minut , or until the rice is done but not mushy. drain and serv with plenti of butter . 
 strain : if you like a veri fine , smooth sauc , put the appl sauc through a fine siev after it has cook . appl sauc and horseradish : this is excel serv with pork dish . 
 for the children , settl , for the most part , on health dinner casserol a beef stew or a chicken-and-ric dish that you know they will like. serv your husband his chop or steak , a bake potato and a salad . 
 i grew up on a farm in the 30s when you butcher your own hog and ate everyth but the squeal. in those day steel 's cafe at norborn , mo. -- the soybean capit of the world -- serv brain sandwich on grill-toast hamburg bun . 
 bake in 375 degre oven until golden ( 15 -- 20 minut ) . wrap in a napkin to serv . 
 anoth work assign for school children throughout hawaii is cafeteria duti . in most island school , a hot lunch is serv at noon . 
 tast for season and add salt if necessari . add the vermouth just befor serv . serv 6 . 
 he could feign such innoc when challeng that i soon gave up altogeth . when he onc serv pineappl upside-down cake with green oliv substitut for the pineappl , he convinc me i had order it that way . 
 well ahead of time wash the lettuc , shake to remov excess moistur , wrap in a clean tea towel , and place in the refriger to crisp. when readi to serv , tear the lettuc into a salad bowl . 
 saut the cake quick in oliv oil. salt and pepper to tast and serv with saute eggplant . 
 garnish with chop watercress or parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` but there are store `` `` what are you go to be serv your kid chitterl and turnip green ? `` 
 or broil to your favorit state of doneness. serv with rice pilaff , barley casserol , or kasha . 
 but whatev the reason , we clear regard lizard as unsuit for eat . we onc serv iguana at a dinner parti in south america . 
 `` whi the coupol ? `` say carl . `` becaus the coupol serv porridg at all hour and porridg make you shit . `` 
 correct seasoning. stir in the cream and serv hot. serv 6 . 
 drain well , season to tast with salt , fresh ground black pepper and plenti of butter. serv with lemon section or a cruet of vinegar . 
 there is one pavilion at monblaisir which aurelius victor xv had arrang a great princ , but too fond of pleasur and which i am told is a perfect wonder of licenti eleg . it is paint with the stori of bacchus and ariadn , and the tabl work in and out of the room by mean of a windlass , so that the compani was serv without ani intervent of domest . 
 syrian-american , howev , gather in the church hall for a feast on two kind of rais doughnut , zalabe and awam . the latter are serv with a sweet , lemon-flavor syrup . 
 tast for seasoning. serv hot with chop fresh parsley , or cold , garnish with thin lemon slice . 
 cook gentl until just tender about 10 to 15 minutes. drain the broccoli , season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with melt butter . 
 add crouton , toss again light . serv 8 . 
 crisp : dust the potato slice with a littl flour for a crisper finish. serv these with fri appl ring and crisp bacon slice . 
 garnish with the reserv whole berries. serv with 1 cup heavi cream or with whip cream ( see note ) . note the old-fashion way to serv shortcak was with plain heavi cream. if you prefer , howev , serv it with whip cream : whip 1 cup heavi cream until stiff , sweeten with 1/4 cup sugar , and flavor with 2 teaspoon vanilla extract . 
 could you cook a dinner ? even if you ve never tri befor , i think you could manag ani of the dinner suggest in this chapter and serv them forth with pride , provid you follow direct care and stick to the time schedul . 
 the yam has a more decid flavor and is veri oili . the plain sweet is dri and firm and need to be serv with an extra amount of butter . 
 he was on edg , and she was edgi , too . the motel serv a free continent breakfast in a sunni , drafti breakfast room . 
 in fact , bertha would have blown a gasket . then the stewardess serv lunch and i relax . 
 stir until blend with the pan juic and heat through , but do not boil or the sour cream will curdle. serv with the meat . 
 form into cake and wrap each one with a rasher of bacon. broil and serv on butter bun . 
 for guest drive into the park area or the garag , hang a big welcom sign to greet them. have some refresh readi to serv . 
 bring to a boil , lower heat and simmer until soup is slight thicken about 10 minutes. discard soup bone and serv pipe hot. serv 8 . variat : ( 1 ) serv with grate parmesan chees to sprinkl over the soup . ( 2 ) add a clove of garlic along with the veget and discard just befor serv . 
 milk was reserv for babi . there was butter on the tabl of the wealthier famili , and fresh fish was often serv , though seldom beef or mutton , which was reserv for sale in the larger town market . 
 as in our infanc , everyth is done for us and we do not need to lift a finger . our food is prepar by the chef-moth , serv to us by the waitress-moth , and our bed are made and our room clean by the maid-moth . 
 place under broiler until chees is melt and brown . serv 6 . 
 indian betel , also known as `` pan , '' is usual a bit of nut and gum from the areca palm , some lime ( the stuff use in plaster , not the fruit ) , cardamom and often tobacco wrap in a leaf from a type of pepper plant , also call betel. pan , whose pronunci is halfway between the cook utensil and the chess piec , is often serv with clove , coconut and mint . 
 top each serv with a dollop of salt whip cream or with crouton . serv 4 to 6 . 
 mani of the worship are famili live in welfar hotel and singl men and women who sleep in street or public buildings. after the servic , salvat armi offic hand out bag of groceri to the famili and later serv hot meal to the homeless . 
 do not drain off juic . serv 6 to 8 . 
 what can be better on a day like this than homemad pea soup and swedish pancak , or plattar , as we alway call them ! mama alway serv pea soup and plattar on thursday , and how we children look forward to that meal ! 
 bake in 375 degre oven until golden brown ( about 30 minut ) . serv 4 . 
 if you think so , just tell me and we ll do without it for awhile. i 'd like a gay cloth and napkin for the tabl in the alcov , and a set of pretti dish , so that onc a month each class could cook a meal and serv it attract . 
 is it ever welcom ! she thought , feel satisfi for the first time in twelv hour . the coffe , serv in a dainti cup with a proper napkin , was the best mari had had sinc she left home . 
 cover and simmer for about 15 minut . serv 4 to 6 . 
 pour over the chicken . this is particular good serv with a plain rice pilaff , cook in chicken broth , and tini green pea , french style . serv a bottl of the same dri white wine you use in the cook . 
 tast for seasoning. serv these scallop in cream with mash potato liber dress with butter , tini french pea cook with onion and a celeri salad . 
 brush the kidney and mushroom with melt butter and broil quick , turn often to brown on all sides. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with boil new potato and green bean dress with plenti of butter and mix with chop almond . 
 everyth we did , everywher we look remind moham of anoth stori . these thousand-and-on tale capsul into a singl rise and set of the sun began short after our take-off from palma airport , when we were serv a cold lunch aboard the plane . it was the same rubberi ham and drip roast beef that we were alway serv on this particular airlin . 
 after all , they say , confus about light is an effect and entertain way to deal with one of their major market challeng : persuad peopl to ask for the bud light brand in bars. when peopl simpli order a light beer , bartend are apt to serv top-sel miller lite . 
 will keep in a cover contain in the refriger for a month. serv over ice . 
 when you practic your exercis focus all your attent on yoga. do n't think about how you re go to pay the insur premium , whi your stock keep go down , or what to serv at your dinner parti saturday night . 
 season with salt and pepper . serv 4 to 6 . 
 pour melt butter over all and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minut , or until brown and bubbl . these tidbit are excel serv hot with cocktail or serv as a veget with a meat cours . 
 if you use seafood , be sure it is not overcook , mushi and tasteless . alway tast salad befor serv it . 
 roll overlap edg over and over togeth , to seal pie and make a pastri border just insid pan . for easi serv , top may be score in larg squar . 
 drain thoroughly. place in a bowl and refriger until readi to serv with cream and sugar. serv 4 . 
 garnish each portion with a slice of lemon and a sprinkl of nutmeg . serv 4 to 6 . 
 swiss execut also adher to the rule but smile occasionally. the french honor some rule , smile and make sure the wine is proper serv at lunch . 
 i order anoth scotch for myself and anoth beer for cummin . after swell serv them and went back to the comic , cummin said , `` friday night he told me he had a hot one . 
 i 'm realli veri fond of bread and cheese. `` katerina drove the small car to a restaur guarante to serv fine steak . 
 and , as far as i can see , so is everyon else. that explain all the coffe and sweet they serv in their room at the drop of a hat . 
 this problem can easili be solv without anybodi , young or old , feel discrimin against . set up tabl wherev they can be serv conveni , cover them with different-color tablecloth . 
 sugar to tast and combin with blueberries. serv over vanilla ice cream . 
 each night in kabul a cannon was fire from one of the rampart of the old wall that surround part of the citi , and it boom out to mark the end of that day 's fasting. our servant would scurri out to their quarter to stuff themselv with date and cucumb slice to stave off hunger pang long enough to serv us our even meal . 
 remov the cook shoulder to a hot platter , cut the string and garnish the platter with tini string bean cook until tender and then toss in hot butter , small new potato cook in butter until golden brown , and a delic dust of chop parsley. skim the excess fat from the juic in the pan and serv the broth separ as a sauc . 
 add liquid from cabbag roll and simmer until thick like gravy. pour over cabbag roll and serve. serv 8 to 10 . 
 when the pepper are brown on top and cook through , remov them to a hot platter. serv plain or with a tomato sauc or barbecu sauc . 
 at the conclus of the prayer , he announc , `` i wish you all to drink in memori of a brave and abl young officer. mr. davi , you have my permiss to serv out a ration of rum to all hand . 
 cool the soup , then chill . just befor serv , beat with a rotari beater . 
 appar dinner was delay , he was feel the effect of the gin when the butler appear and made his announc . the dinner was serv in a larg dine room , bright with candlelight . 
 what hard work is recal ! the number of meal ( canin and human ) cook and serv . 
 add salt and pepper. pour sauc over the beet and serv . 
 recip for eggnog are mani and vari , from the veri rich kentucki bourbon version to those requir a varieti of liquor . when make a quantiti of eggnog to serv over a period of time , it is more satisfactori to divid the egg white and use onli as need , beat them up at the time of serv . 
 while borsch 's loss of popular appear widespread in the area , there remain at least one mountain retreat where hungri traditionalist are still demand the goods. at the concord hotel , the soup has grown so popular that it 's now serv in tall glass there. ( the hotel say guest were complain about the skimpi portion they got in it small soup bowl . ) 
 do not overcook. drain well and serv with plenti of salt , fresh ground black pepper and butter . 
 they are usual an econom buy . for roast for more than 4 person : select a capon if you are serv more than four peopl . 
 for beginn who like to see thing happen fast , the first seed should be quick-grow like radish and onion , or zinnia and marigold . be sure to celebr the first `` crop `` that can be serv with pride at the dinner tabl , even if it is n't enough to go around onc ! 
 if the broth still seem fatti to you , pour it through a strainer line with a linen napkin or towel . tradit pot au feu is serv as follow : first a bowl of broth ; then slice of the beef and salt pork with the veget and boil potato , sour pickl and hot mustard . 
 do not tri to stretch seafood. serv good-siz hunk of crab , lobster or shrimp and allow at least 1/2 cup per person . 
 if you do not buy the `` quick-cook `` varieti , be sure to pick over the legum to remov ani bit of pod or ani damag bean , and then soak them in plenti of water for 5 to 6 hour befor cook . white pea bean cook in the basic fashion may be dress or flavor in a varieti of way befor serv . 
 about 15 minut befor the veal is done , add 1 cup of ripe olives. serv this with butter macaroni and saute eggplant . 
 best eaten hot , but good cold . serv 8 to 9 generous as main cours . 
 the pioneer brought wheat seed with them , but soon discov that the rich humus soil of the south was too luxuri for wheat ; they had to content themselv with the hardier meal ground from nativ corn . for a long time wheat flour for biscuit , shortcak , or pie was consid a great delicaci , while corn becam a stapl in the southern diet and was serv in mani way . 
 dian kettler , who was in casey 's room at school , was help behind the counter . casey watch with admir as dian serv coffe in a paper cup with one hand and made chang for a dollar with the other . 
 but mexico has it own share of well-heel young peopl , and the corona boom in the u.s. is make them thirst for corona too. today affluent young mexican can be found order corona in the capit 's pricier restaur , place that in the past would have serv one of mexico 's fuller-bodi premium beer . 
 it should be on the underdon side. remov to a hot platter , cut into quarter and serv heap with petit poi , tini white onion and strip of ham . 
 `` macao was , actual , a sophist intern societi , in spirit as well as mileag a world away from philadelphia . grandpa 's diari tell of recept and dinner given by the great hong merchant , at one of which fifti cours were serv , from deer sinew to shark ' fin and bird ' nest soup . 
 eggnog can be frozen satisfactorili , but will not freez hard becaus of the larg quantiti of alcohol . serv approxim 25 . 
 when the omelet is most cook but still creami and not hard on top , slip the spatula under one edg and roll it over , fold it as you slide it out on a hot plate. serv at onc . 
 bake ten minut , then reduc heat to dg325 f. bake 30 minut or longer. serv cold . 
 tri a gumbo someday ; you wo n't regret it , for it is a fascin adventur in cook . it must alway be serv with rice . 
 cover and bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minut to an hour. serv from the casserol . 
 he went back to london on an air india boe 707 . curri , and hostess in sari , and breakfast serv an hour befor land , and when the plane touch down it was lunchtim . 
 if you use these liquid , omit the vinegar or lemon juice. serv egg cook in these liquid in soup bowl with the broth pour over them . 
 guest will have littl appetit for dinner . if you are serv onli ice cream and cake , serv it first in the earli afternoon or earli even . otherwis serv a simpl lunch , or a simpl supper , follow by dessert . 
 cook over low heat until shrimp is cook through about 6 minutes. tast for season and serv hot. serv 4 to 6 . 
 even a kitchen tabl can be set attract with place mat and nice dish . ani pictur is enhanc by an attract frame , and the simplest food will be more appet when serv attract . 
 sprinkl dill seed and dill weed over appl pie crust or appl crisp befor they go into the oven . sprinkl dill weed on bean soup just befor serv to present a live , visual attract dish . 
 reheat . just befor serv , stir in the cream . 
 beat in the chop onion and green pepper. heap the avocado mixtur on a bed of green , garnish with tomato cube and slice green oliv and serv with vinaigrett sauce. some veget can be cook in an a la grecqu bouillon and then chill and serv on green , as a salad or hor d'oeuvr cours . 
 add cream and chervil . serv 3 to 5 . 
 cover the pot with a tight fit lid , turn the heat down to low , and cook for 30 minut , until rice is tender ( not mushi ) and all water is absorb . uncov pot just befor serv ; fluff rice gentl with a fork to separ all the grain . 
 even the well-to-do villag may tast meat onli occasion . after breakfast the men either nap or tend their flock while women prepar lunch , general a pot of boil millet serv about 2:30 . 
 the first thing ani mainland notic about hawaiian social event is the varieti of nation food present . `` for a christma parti , `` one island say , `` you may be serv both orient and european food , with hawaiian poi , and have eggnog to drink . `` 
 `` the food look like a flower too , `` said timmi , see the flower salad of cottag chees and peach in a littl lettuc . the children were also serv peanut butter sandwich , milk , the garden cake and flower-pot ice cream . 
 come along and finish it while i unpack . `` dinner was serv by a uniform maid and there were candl on the tabl although it was n't dark yet . 
 turn them often and bast with a mixtur of the honey and lemon juice. serv these sparerib with crisp potato chip , a huge bowl of cole slaw and some of the heat marinad for a sauc , if you like . 
 here the process differs. bruis the seed , add them to boil water and simmer gentl for 5 to 10 minut , strain and serv at onc . 
 if desir , garnish with chop parsley or crouton . serv 6 . 
 os-cal has captur 50 percent of the total market for calcium supplement . at his mansion outsid kansa citi , kauffman serv cocktail with napkin that say : as os-cal grew , kauffman recruit what was to becom one of the most effect sale forc in the industri . 
 it was all he could do to control his laughter in my presenc and onc insid the hous , while i frantic brush off thorn and rose petal , i could hear the wail of mirth border on hysteria explod in the kitchen . even quiet khalid , who rare said a word , lost his reserv dure the even meal and could not look my way when serv dinner . 
 we sat outsid under the awn of the casino , tire , but hope that some privat session would jell . but the prize-winn had all disappear and the bar were no longer serv . 
 add to ingredi in saucepan. serv hot or chilled. stir in the sherri just befor serv . 
 tax-support restaur . last year , serv meal at subsid price , senat restaur oper at a $ 503,800 deficit . 
 someth 's gone haywir . `` freda gulp her coffe , grab her coat to ward off the early-morn chill , and left her order of ham and egg to be serv to an empti chair . 
 in ancient time , it was believ that almond offer protect against unseen evil forc , and it may well be that the first almond was put into the christma grot for this reason . the origin pud or porridg was a simpl affair , serv with cream or milk , sugar , and cinnamon . 
 add scallion and cook for anoth 5 minut . serv 4 to 6 . 
 i would suggest that you press one of your guest into help you with the make of these , becaus if you tri to cook all these egg in one pan and do it , as you should , over a low heat , it will take forev . the object of ad the extra egg yolk just befor serv is that if the egg have to stand even a littl while befor they re eaten this will keep them moist and soft as they should be . 
 she knew that in the almeida home the day would be a quiet one . last night , on christma eve , carlo and guida had gone with their parent to midnight mass , after which a dinner had been serv to the famili and a number of invit relat . 
 garnish with slice beet and slice onion that have marin in a french dress made with orang juic instead of vinegar. surround with orang slice , and serv with heat garlic bread . 
 it should be especi good for christma , when there is so much rich food everywher . `` she ad that the controversi buch de noel is seldom serv for reveillon . 
 it should be cook slowli and be thorough done. a 4-pound boneless roast cut from the leg will serv 6 person . 
 chees : in soup cookeri , one will run across a few chees soup . but chees is most often to be found sprinkl on top just befor serv or gratine ( crust ) as in the familiar french onion soup . 
 he want to get us all togeth . he serv tea and biscuit . 
 follow the direct for stew blackberri ( page 111 ) . serv with heavi cream , whip cream , custard sauc or ice cream . 
 well , miss hope , will you be my second wife ? `` billi save her from have to answer this nonsens by serv stan with a second piec of pie . 
 place dish in a preheat dg275 oven and bake for 2 hour . remov from oven and let the pud dish stand on a rack or cake cooler for 1/2 hour befor serv . serv with 1 cup heavi cream , whip until stiff , sweeten with 1/4 cup sugar , and flavor with 1 teaspoon vanilla extract ; or if prefer , serv with vanilla ice cream . 
 buy a rib roast of beef and roast it just to the rare stage ( see beef , page 111 , v2 ) . serv it in paper-thin slice on well-butt rye bread , and have a select of mustard . 
 put raw veget into salad . it 's much less troubl than cook them to death and serv the remain in a side dish ! 
 `` our first custom sat down and immedi a hang plant crash right by her chair , '' say mr. sweatt. an earli attempt at serv an `` authent '' italian breakfast bomb . 
 garnish with sour cream . serv 6 to 8 . 
 if possibl , select the piec of meat and have it ground to order. mani peopl will tell you that 1 pound of boneless beef will serv 4 peopl . 
 this should take about 15 minutes. drain well and serv with melt butter and salt and pepper to tast . 
 it also provid an excel opportun for everyon in the famili to assist in the hospit . plan food that can be kept hot or cold over a period of time so that everyon will not have to arriv and be serv at the same time . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of chop parsley or chive . serv 6 . 
 allow 1/2 to 3/4 pound of fish per person and bake stuf , accord to direct for bake stuf whole fish ( see page 111 ) ; or bake without stuf , bast frequent with melt butter. serv with an egg sauc or hollandais sauc . 
 garnish with toast peanut . serv 4 to 6 . 
 just befor they are done add 6 fine chop ripe olives. serv with a sprinkl of grate parmesan chees . 
 a broad strip of christmas-r felt or oilcloth down the middl of a white cloth make a gay table. ( see part ii ) the dog day of august when the weather is so hot that appetit diminish tri a pick-up just for fun. serv hot dog , of cours , indoor or out , with all sort of extra such as sauerkraut , piccalilli , mustard , strip of chees , and various relish . 
 heat , but do not boil . put a tablespoon of sherri in each serv bowl befor pour soup . serv 6 to 8 . 
 garnish with chop hard-cook egg . serv 6 . 
 have the butcher trim the chop and scrape the bone. he should give you littl paper frill to add to the bone tip when you serv . 
 she examin the raw pork ball marin in the sink ; nem nuong , one of daniel 's favorit vietnames dish . she smile to herself , imagin the glow of pleasur in his eye when she serv them to him tonight . 
 this 1801 recip , use alreadi cook rice , is a find for busi women today . it is perfect with fowl , or in ani way rice is serv . 
 return to the stove and simmer for anoth hour. tast for season and serv over hot pasta . 
 often enough she had dine alon when martin was at the institut , but then he had been return to her some time befor dawn probabl and she had reflect munch a snack on the corner of the kitchen tabl , look at the funni in the even paper . tonight she had to live up to the butler , who serv her as though she were a dinner-parti of twenti . 
 tast for season and add salt and pepper if needed. serv the sauc with the chop . 
 sprinkl with paprika , if desir . serv 2 to 4 . 
 howev , we drew new pal name again so can now have the fun of tri to fool or mystifi anoth guild friend this come year . the guild girl again serv the noon lunch at our decemb semiannu organ meet . 
 broil until the bacon is cooked. serv hot . 
 sprinkl with paprika . serv 4 to 6 . 
 stir well with each addit . when readi to serv , beat egg white ( or as mani as need for first serv ) until stiff . 
 bake in 375 degre oven 35 minutes. serv with whip cream ( see page 201 , v2 ) if desired. serv 6 . 
 place in a pan of hot water and bake in 350 degre oven until firm ( 45 -- 50 minut ) . serv hot with cream to pour over , if desired. serv 4 to 6 . 
 place some chop fresh parsley in soup bowl and fill with the hot soup . serv 6 to 8 . 
 the anti-alcohol campaign is much more attun to the u.s. execut on a pritikin diet. alcohol is now serv onli between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m . 
 add the crabmeat and heat through. serv on rice and accompani with chutney and chop toast almond . 
 bake 15 minut , then lower heat to dg375 f. and bake anoth 30 minut , or until golden brown. serv cold . 
 his room furnitur was arrang to make open the window impossible. in the restaur , a waitress demand payment for the appet befor agre to serv the main cours . 
 it had start out as a simpl diner , but with the increas number of summer visitor come to wall from new york citi , pat farrel had expand his busi by ad an open-air patio with space for eight tabl at one end of the diner . the restaur serv coke and half a dozen varieti of ice cream , but noth as elabor as a banana split . 
 when they are done , remov them from the oven , split open the top and add a good-siz lump of butter to each one. season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and serv with addit butter , salt and pepper . 
 when we took off , there was no talk of fasten seat belt . when we were up in the air , a young steward serv us rye bread and salami and butter and chees and white wine . 
 sometim back he had made up his mind to shoot a deer for his cat 's last meal . he was sure the panther would accept a dead deer even if he did insist that his other food be serv aliv . 
 garnish with a dollop of whip cream and sprinkl with paprika or minc parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 blend 3 tablespoon of flour into the fat and slowli add the milk and cream mix , stir to be sure it doe not lump. when the sauc is smooth and thick , season with salt and pepper and serv with the chicken. with this serv creami mash potato and butter broccoli . 
 rememb the green , georg todd 's friend ? they serv cocktail or highbal almost everi even befor dinner , and consid drink a custom that increas the pleasur of social relat . 
 he come here , they say , from a neighbor town on the main rout to mexico citi , but either he has not receiv the mani messag we have left for him or he has not had ice to spare us . meanwhil , coca-cola is serv cold everywher , and becaus bottl in the store are surround with beauti ice , we know he has pass through . 
 if you like the brown crust mix through the hash , turn it occasionally. serv corn beef hash plain or top with a poach or fri egg . 
 it was a delici sensat to be cook his own supper in the cool of the cottag with the heat outsid , and when the fish began to sizzl he becam veri hungri . he serv them up on a plate with the pea and ate his meal on the veranda while he look at the lake . 
 fill neck caviti first , close , then fill bottom cavity. to serv , dress may be spoon out , or remov in a chunk from the fowl and slice like bread or dumpl . 
 then turn and finish cook on the other side. serv plain or with a sharp barbecu sauc . 
 ted 's episcopalian bless was brief , dignifi . the food was good , beauti serv , but limit . 
 victorin and madam coutur slept until late in the morn , and vautrin , who had gone out befor eight o'clock , return at the veri moment that breakfast was put upon the tabl . so nobodi protest when , at a quarter past eleven , sylvi and christoph knock at all the door and announc that breakfast was serv . 
 season with salt , white pepper and paprika. serv hot or cold . 
 `` oh , yes ! `` she thought a chili was someth cool , as it name import , and was serv with some . 
 wear a pink or red carnat honor mother if she is aliv ; a white flower if she is dead . the famili usual goe out to dinner , or anoth member of the famili prepar and serv it , give mother the pleasur of a meal she did n't cook . 
 then the babi get his first big drink of the day , in a bottl if he prefer it that way . breakfast is serv to all the famili . 
 top with the other halv and broil or pan-broil as above. serv in butter , toast bun . 
 washington had move his headquart to the old ferri inn , which was run by mckonkey and which still stand today on the west bank of the delawar . old mckonkey had the energi and excit of a boy ; he was heart and soul with the rebel caus , and for two day he went without sleep , cook and serv twenty-four hour a day . 
 let the mushroom cook down until they are veri rich almost black. mix with plenti of whole toast almond and serv the casserol with the mushroom-almond mixtur spread over the top . 
 when water return to the boil , cook 3 minut . drain corn , cover kettl , and bring it to the picnic tabl as is , serv plenti of butter for the guest to add themselv . serv 8 . 
 a guest must be a guest , then , and welcom glad whatev was offer . the second cours was fish , serv on flat plate of leather . 
 chill until ici cold . just befor serv , stir in the cream and sprinkl with chive . serv 6 to 8 . 
 when rais dough is readi for the oven and in it pan , brush top with egg yolk light thin with water and sprinkl on poppi seed generously. when bread is bake serv with butter only. serv demitass for demigod crush a coriand seed the symbol of immort in the bottom of each cup befor serv after dinner coffe . 
 skim the excess fat from the liquid in the kettl and add more broth or other liquid to make enough for sauce. thicken with ball of butter and flour knead togeth ( see beurr mani abov ) and serv separ in a sauceboat . 
 frittata are a workingman 's lunch dish in itali , sometim eaten for dinner. mani patron brag of have sauc recip superior to what was serv at oliv garden . 
 add the cherri and simmer gentl until they are just done. serv warm or cold with whip cream , ice cream or custard sauc . 
 if desir , garnish with sprig of watercress . serv 4 . 
 garnish with pumpernickel crouton . serv 6 to 8 . 
 sprinkl with toast sliver almond . serv 4 to 6 . 
 christin and her father kept their eye rivet upon their plates. madam p. began to serv them ; she ask christin to hold out her plate . 
 four larg tent had alreadi been pitch in a field . as the marcher line up for supper ( three ton of spaghetti ) , which was serv to them on paper plate , from brand-new garbag pail , night fell . 
 hobomok climb to the roof of the hut and shout for squanto , who soon came ambl along with mani indian behind him , all rather fear and carri the choicest of their provis as a peac offer . in the morn the pilgrim were serv breakfast in squanto 's hut , and to them came `` all whose heart were upright . `` 
 season with salt and pepper and add a pinch of cayenn . serv 6 to 8 . 
 then there was the solicit queri i receiv from consum report : `` did you know that the oxal acid in spinach impair the absorpt of calcium from ani food digest with it ? . . . spinach is n't the ideal veget to serv regular at the dinner tabl . '' 
 arrang the cook corn beef on a hot platter and surround it with the vegetables. serv with bake or boil potato and a varieti of good mustard and pickl . 
 it is love if the whole famili can sit togeth in the pew , even on this busi day for the housewif . sometim it can be arrang if the dinner is serv late in the afternoon . 
 heat the bread in a dg350 oven for about 12 minutes. cut it into thick slice and serv with garlic butter ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 2 . 
 make a shortcak ( page 11 , v1 ) . sugar the berri to tast and serv them on the shortcak . 
 heat until the oyster edg curl. serv at onc , sprinkl with paprika or chop parsley. serv 4 . 
 place a larg spoon of sour cream in each soup plate befor fill with hot soup. serv with thick slice of dark pumpernickel bread. serv 6 to 8 . 
 cool to room temperature. cut into squar to serv . 
 they are alway with us , they are plenti and they are cheap . yet anyon who has enjoy the result of a summer veget garden know how delect tini new green bean can be when cook just right , drain well , butter well and serv pipe hot . 
 he rememb the glow of the fire upon the curv of a certain great amethyst glass jar . the meal was delici , the wine excel , as was the brandi serv with the coffe . 
 look for the high season italian ham call prosciutto or for westphalian ham . these should be slice paper thin and serv with thin slice of pumpernickel or rye bread . prosciutto is especi good serv with fruit , such as melon . 
 when you came to 201 there was a hearti welcom , a kind smile , a good dinner , and a jolli shake of the hand from the host and hostess there , just for all the world as if they had been undisput master of three or four thousand a year and so they were , not in money , but in produc and labour if they did not pay for the mutton , they had it : if they did not give bullion in exchang for their wine , how should we know ? never was better claret at ani man 's tabl than at honest rawdon 's ; dinner more gay and neat serv . 
 roast accord to direct for roast leg of lamb. serv this with rice pilaff . 
 by constant monitor the system , the comput increas desalin effici and may be abl to predict system failur , prevent cost breakdown , mr. fredkin added. at a news confer yesterday , reliabl demonstr a prototyp of it desalin technolog by serv water from boston harbor -- one of the nation 's dirtiest -- that the devic had process . 
 garnish with chop parsley . serv 2 to 4 . 
 you owe him your loyalti . `` anger bubbl up in amanda and she was on the verg of an explos when the butler said , `` dinner is serv . 
 then cover them with dark rum . prepar the creme brule as abov and dot with the rum-soak chestnut just befor serv . 
 let it all cook togeth for about 10 minutes. serv with chutney , grate coconut , chop peanut , chop hard-cook egg and raisin soak in cognac or whiskey . 
 wrap in wax paper and keep in refriger ( they mold veri easili otherwis ) , or freez . remov from cold and bring to room temperatur befor serv . 
 a hot and hearti blend inde ! first : the day befor you plan to serv , cover 1 cup pinto bean with cold water and allow to soak overnight . 
 what was clear beyond doubt was his strong interest in clair lepeters. on hand to serv up the gourmet meal were four auto-theft temporarili on probation. midway through the supper , while serv a tray of croissant , one of them slip clair lepet a quick goos , tri to make it seem accident and to blend into the overal festiv atmospher . 
 halfway through the cook , add 3 to 4 fresh tomato , peel , seed and chopped. serv garnish with chop parsley and accompani by rice mix with chop ripe oliv and chop pimiento . 
 split hamburg bun and toast on the grill. butter and serv a hamburg on each . 
 the greek term would give a new perspect on segreg . restaur and bar could put up sign say `` onli leucoderm will be serv , `` which would look appropri ridicul . 
 big squar room , with high ceil , fresco in fanci scene so old and fade that they were like pictur paint under water . lunch , serv in a vine-cov patio , open on a garden full of flower and tropic fruit tree . 
 when the water level drop in their reservoir , peopl are ask to cut down the number of their bath , and give up wash their car and sprinkl their lawn . restaur stop serv water with meal . 
 they return home beaten without stand up to the challeng and spend the rest of their live wonder if mayb they should n't have stuck it out . even chow was be serv on the stori , and we happili accept an invit to join the crew for dinner . 
 garnish each serv with a dollop of sour cream or whip cream . serv 4 . 
 discard bay leaf . stir in the cream just befor serv . serv 6 . 
 bake at dg375 till set and a knife come out clean when insert 1-1/2 inch from center. serv warm , in wedg . 
 suggest accompani : saute eggplant is an excel contrast for this unusu steak dish. this is a veri simpl way to serv a larg number of peopl . 
 `` what do you hear , deetzer old man , `` foley said. `` i hear they serv a drink here now and then , `` the black man said . 
 how can you help ? by serv nutriti wonder enrich bread . 
 let it come just to the boil point but do not boil. when steam hot pour into the bowl and serv with toast french bread . 
 if you like potato brown in the roast pan with the meat , add them for the last hour of cooking. if not , serv the roast with saute potato , crisp and brown , and the pan juic , unthicken . 
 they want the system destroy , not repair , becaus they have lost faith in the abil of the system to repair itself and in it will to do so . the white man has forev enjoy the fruit , while the black man has patient serv it . 
 if these delicaci were fresh rather than frozen and took onli a few minut to prepar , peopl might even pay white-tablecloth price for them. with such reason , compani like campbel soup co. , general food corp. , sara lee corp. and some retail are rush to serv up their own `` fresh , refriger '' meal . 
 our peopl are rather well off , our infrastructur has been much improv , electr is suffici , the road are smooth. and , '' he inquir , serv coffe in delic herend porcelain , `` you ve eaten in our restaur ? '' 
 add 1 teaspoon of oregano and sever spoon of chop italian parsley. serv with butter noodl . 
 continu cook for 1-1/2 hours. remov the rib to a hot platter and serv the pan juic separ . 
 befor you take on ani entertain job , see that you are compli with local and feder child labor law regul . for instanc , in some communiti you may find that you can not work in an establish that serv intox beverag if you are under twenty-on year of age . 
 if the question jolt miller , there was no sign of it . he stood respect , hand at his side , as though about to say `` luncheon is serv . `` 
 `` i said the patient ' room would be segreg , and they will be. as for the other servic , how mani time do you serv bacon in the recoveri room ? 
 the food may be the famili 's prefer in cold snack , or hot casserol carri in an insul picnic case . everyon serv himself . 
 select your handsomest bowl , fill it with ripe appl , pear , peach , plum , grape ani fruit or combin of fruit you choose. provid individu fruit knive so each person can pare and cut his own , and with the fruit serv a fine dessert chees , such as camembert or brie from franc or the italian bel paes . 
 this will take about 10 to 15 minutes. drain thorough and serv with melt butter , salt and pepper . 
 it is cut in serving-s piec and bake with the skin on . as with the acorn , it is serv in the shell , but onli the flesh is eaten . 
 simmer , uncov , for 10 minutes. tast for season and serv pipe hot. serv 6 . 
 garnish with garlic crouton . serv 6 to 8 . 
 i call in a band of them and realiz i could not trust concepcion to be simon legree. she show a disturb tendenc to flirt and serv beer . 
 tallegio , a rich but mild chees , also come from itali . ani good well-ag chees can be serv with fruit for dessert or a midday snack or be eaten plain with a cold buffet . 
 drain the bean and mix them with the pan juic from the roast. add 1/2 cup of chop parsley and serv with the meat . 
 place under broiler for a moment to brown the cream. serv immediately. serv 6 . 
 at the other end , in a small group , the briton . the kentucki cook tradit serv this special meal . 
 bake 30 to 40 minut , until golden brown. serv cold . 
 sure no one is expect to take serious faith ryan whittlesey 's curious , not to say undiplomat , complaint about the k-ration she is forc to serv her guest in her duti as american ambassador in switzerland ( editori page , aug. 14 ) . 
 chill . befor serv , add the cream and dice chicken . this soup may also be serv hot , but do not boil after ad the cream . serv 6 . 
 continu cook until the meat and veget are tender. serv the ham slice on a larg platter and surround with the veget . 
 this method will take longer about 10 minutes. when the asparagus is done , discard the lettuc , sprinkl the asparagus with salt to tast and serv . 
 `` i have a certain amount of respect for it ; at least my stomach doe . `` `` i know an almost secret place that serv the best in town . 
 `` when they had gone , i turn to the box : two small tomato , a packag of frozen pea , a quarter of a packag of dehydr potato sold for hash-brown , and six egg . `` dinner is almost serv , `` i said and start on the kind of improvis cook one learn to do when suppli are limit . 
 they say today 's bread can be trace back to the last supper. or make `` pull bread `` as it was made centuri ago and serv it with herb butter and chees . 
 on each plate was a bake potato , frozen green bean , a red pickl appl slice , and a slice of meat loaf which polli had decor with a catsup bell , squeez out of a plastic bottl . they also serv milk and small roll ; and for dessert , holiday ice cream and cup cake . 
 they realiz that none of their guest had said a singl word about the food . inde , tri as they might , they could not themselv rememb ani of the dish which had been serv . 
 so gujarat , it would seem , offer littl relief for the drinker. but go into a certain tea shop in ahmadabad , the state 's largest citi , order `` one local and one english , '' and the proprietor will serv a cup of indian tea at your tabl -- and deposit a bottl of whiskey on the back seat of your car . 
 the donor of this recip say she has seen chicken wing bone and stuf in the same manner. the wing swell up so with stuf that one will serv one person . 
 if you do not mind the peel left on , mere wash the tomato well and remov the stem end. slice onto a bed of green and serv with vinaigrett sauc or mayonnais . 
 stir in the oliv oil and simmer for a few more minutes. serv with grate parmesan or romano cheese. serv 6 . 
 `` mike here was the first boss i had when i came in from the farm . i did n't know much about serv food to citi folk , and i guess i was nervous and clumsi . 
 everyon here speak to you , the stranger as well as the friend. they grow rice , but they serv lot of homini grit . 
 garnish with the reserv mussel and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 4 . 
 remov all the skin and trim it neat ; then return it to the broth to keep warm. serv this tongu with caper-mustard sauc ( caper ad to mustard sauc ) , horseradish sauc or bottl beet and horseradish from the groceri or delicatessen. chop , butter spinach and boil potato are the veget general serv with smoke tongu , and they seem to go better with it than anyth els , with the possibl except of beet with sour cream . 
 it should onli take 2 to 3 minut at the most. drain at onc and serv with plenti of butter . 
 put a layer of chop parsley and chive in the bottom of the bake dish and surround the fish with slice tomatoes. bast with dri white wine mix with melt butter , and serv the fish with the sauc from the bake pan . 
 at the institut , langston was put into a student dormitori , where all negro guest were hous . but visit white were put up in dorothi hall , a modern guest hous for white onli , and were serv breakfast in bed by the black student . 
 khanoum-jun was as pleas as a bride with her gas stove , her electr refriger , her plastic-til floor , pale-blu bathroom , and white telephone. as she bustl about , help gamal to serv tea , i thought : when she was marri she live in an andarum and was wait on by a eunuch . 
 mix well and heap in the melon shell. chill and serv . 
 she was flushed. i guess that she had not been abl to serv agajon 's chicken , carrot , and french fri to suit him on short notic . 
 he ate mechan . he drank the wine serv with each cours , as he listen to the buzz of convers . 
 remov from heat and add the butter , stir until it is melt and well blended. serv hot , garnish with crouton and chop parsley. serv 6 to 8 . 
 add the spinach and cook over medium heat for about 10 minut . serv 6 . 
 `` sure . `` he serv me the drink and then start to read from his list . 
 a televis screen show a film of a slight sleazi diner , and the viewer is ask to touch the screen if he or she is hungry. the screen is touch again to order various item from the menu , with a fat waitress serv up the fare and offer editori comment. ( press `` dessert , '' for exampl , and the waitress appear with a tray of gooey treat and say : `` someth sweet , sugar ? 
 sprinkl with addit grate chees and run under the broiler flame to melt the chees and brown lightly. serv with crisp home-fri potato , a salad of cucumb and onion in french dress and hot french bread. for dessert , serv creme brule . 
 there , in the hall of the slain , valhalla , whose ceil was of gold and was light by drawn sword and not lamp , the warrior battl from daybreak to sunset . then those of them who had been kill were brought back to life , and all share a divin feast in which they were serv the meat of an immort wild boar and inexhaust horn of mead . 
 be care not to burn yourself . note ii this is a typic spanish dessert and was serv on holiday and import occas . 
 what you have to eat will be determin by when as well as where you intend to eat. tri not to serv a heavi dessert , such as ice cream and cake , in the late afternoon . 
 it is cover with a cloth until the bless and prayer which the child recit . the father then slice the bread , everyon is given a piec , and the rest of the meal is then serv and enjoy . 
 garnish with crouton or crisp bacon bit . serv 4 to 6 . 
 brush each cooki with hot syrup . when complet cool , store in airtight contain three week or more befor serv . yield : 55 to 60 cooki in addit to the seven ( or more ) sweet and sour , the pennsylvania dutch alway serv this pea salad with turkey on thanksgiv and christma . 
 meanwhil , put 8 tablespoon butter in a small saucepan , place it on a veri small flame , and when melt , pour it into a small pitcher. serv the `` lost bread `` hot with the melt butter and your favorit honey in a jar. note this is a light dessert , often serv with honey , syrup , or fruit sauc . 
 perhap the most controversi exploit so far was the one that came at the expens of the red brick wall of town hall. to set it up , a consortium member first went to the municip and ask for a permit to serv a communal meal -- a `` faellesspisn '' -- on the sidewalk next to the build . 
 he was abl to reassur them as to natasha 's condit , but did not feel that he could confid to the spezzi the true caus of her earlier distress . sinc they were both burst with curios , the atmospher was uneasi throughout the excel dinner which was serv to the four of them in the long , eleg dine room . 
 have a toaster on the buffet tabl so that each guest can toast his own bun and spoon the meat over it . serv 8 . 
 `` i ll see what i can do , `` said ellen rosenberg . they made plan to meet at an out-of-the-way diner on the edg of the citi , one that had warm light and serv drink and also delici , hot , open roast beef sandwich . 
 the dine room was cold , but the food was so delici that catherin scarc notic . edward had prepar a superb peke duck , the crackl skin serv first with delic pancak , follow by the tender , juici meat . 
 bake in a dg400 oven for 6 to 8 minut or until cook through and crisp. serv with cocktail . 
 cook until veri tender and done and brown on the outside. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with the pan juic , saute potato and tini french pea . 
 do n't put salad dress or mayonnais on the salad , as mani children do n't like it. serv it in an extra dish . 
 it will press into a firm piec of meat that can be cut into neat , even slices. serv cold boil beef with potato salad and a hot veget , such as string bean with almond . 
 there seem littl reason for make your own , but if you wish to , here is the recipe. this amount will serv 4 person . 
 garnish with crouton and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 their foal were rais as excel hunter and saddl hors , and mani were the hunt breakfast in the new dine room . the ladi of the manor hous serv their best food and wine . 
 i was left alon at my lunch in the dine room , one afternoon dure the second week of my confin , when mrs. duncan excus herself , explain that she had some shop to do befor go to work and would clean up when she return . i was grate for the peac , mrs. duncan have develop the habit of hang about and talk after serv my food . 
 it come readi to eat and is usual sold cut in paper-thin slice . besid be use in mani recip , prosciutto is a delect morsel serv with fresh fruit for a first cours . 
 bake in a dg325 oven for about 45 minut , or until hot and cook through. serv in thin slice . 
 mat slip about too much and look choppi . if the tabl is in the center of the room , there should be a decor of some sort in the center of the tabl , but never so big that it interfer with peopl 's serv themselv . 
 in itali , veal parmigiana is chop veal , roll in flour , dip in egg , then roll in crumb and chees and saute in butter . it is serv with addit chees and chop parsley . 
 sudden , she spi her mother who had , for a surpris , dress up like a maid with a littl white cap and apron . `` nannett , `` she said to her mother , `` we should like to have luncheon serv when mr. blake has finish take pictur . `` 
 the hour should be late enough that guest may sleep later than usual , but not so late that they will be kept from other leisur time activ . serv buffet-styl , a bowl of fresh fruit is both centerpiec and first cours . 
 cook fine noodl or vermicelli in salt water . add to hot consomm just befor serv . 
 he live in london near hampton court by the river thame with his wife and daughter . david eliad was born in london where he spent his earli childhood `` serv tea to firemen fight the fire in the london blitz . `` 
 remov the beet , grate , and return to kettle. serv with a spoon of sour cream in each bowl. serv 6 to 8 . 
 the kosher kitchen are now entir separ unit from the other kitchens. from them we serv about a hundr person at a given time , with menus present and choic observ so far as we can and stay within the physician 's limit . 
 remov from heat and beat in the cream . may be serv hot or cold . 
 add 2 cup veget stock . salt to tast and add cream befor serv . 
 cook until the meat thermomet regist dg150 and the veget are tender. serv with crisp french or italian bread and an orang , onion and romain salad . 
 blend and heat just to the boil point. season to tast with salt and serv in a sauceboat with the steak . 
 sarma is prepar in near all yugoslavian home for christma , be they slovenian , croatian , or serb . if ani is left , it is warm over and serv again . 
 pour the custard mix into the caramel line and bake as above. unmold on a plate and serv with a top of caramel and whip cream . 
 chill the weight mold overnight or for 24 hour if possible. unmold and serv with whip cream or custard sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 the joker , a gang from the east side , leas a loft in one of the warehous for a speakeasy. prohibit had been repeal long ago , but speakeasi remain to serv the underag , after hour , and to spike alcohol with drug . 
 mother ! `` mrs. bucket was in the old grandpar ' room , serv them their even soup . `` 
 `` if possibl , the first day begin with suckl pig , otherwis , roast pork . just as the soup is serv , the father light the three-prong candl . 
 cook them slowli until they are crisp and brown and thorough done. serv with mash potato , brais cabbag and a tomato salad with french dress . 
 continu cook and brush the skin with the mixtur occasion until the duck has a nice glaze and is done. serv this chinese-styl duckl with steam rice and chines veget , or with small white turnip smother in butter and sprinkl with toast sesam seed . 
 gradual stir in the hot soup. serv in heat soup plate , garnish with croutons. serv 4 to 6 . 
 meantim , split and toast the buns. serv a stuf hamburg in each. serv 8 . 
 he was dress in purpl and gold , and around his neck he wore a heavi silver chain which julius said was the sign of his kingship . the food was serv by the women , who brought in huge platter of steam hot meat . 
 when you turn the pineappl , sprinkl a littl brown sugar on the top and finish broil and glazing. serv with the ham . 
 he press for a feder indict against mcgraw for `` will possess a bottl of whiskey `` in violat of the volstead act , and he got it . the lamb , caught in the act of serv drink in the grill room , prompt expel mcgraw in righteous indign . 
 garnish with crouton , chop parsley or a dollop of whip cream . serv 4 . 
 the same three day are set asid for this examin throughout the kingdom . those take part in the examin are permit to write from dawn to sunset , behind lock door , and they are serv with light meal , prepar the day befor at public expens . 
 and you look to me to ve had enough , `` he ad person for my benefit. it was notic that he would not serv me ani more , which i took as intend . 
 brush split kidney with melt butter and english mustard. broil quick ( see abov ) and serv with sauc diabl ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 fold half into mixtur . add 3 tablespoon sugar to remain portion and swirl on top of eggnog if serv in a bowl or drop by spoon on top of individu cup . 
 poach it gentl ( do not boil ) until it is translucent. spoon out and serv on toast or serv as a garnish for meat dish . 
 cover pan and cook slowli over low heat for approxim 30 minutes. serv in hot soup plate or bowl , take care so that each plate has a select of fish , shrimp , and crab and an even amount of broth. serv with warm , crusti bread . 
 my older daughter has broken the tradit by have her cooki bake befor the thirteenth , for she is alway the lucia bride herself . she dress in white , wear a candl crown , and serv coffe to her famili in bed , let them tast all of the cooki . 
 `` they sat in ernestin 's room until supper time , and then went downstair togeth . mother was serv the plate , and drop pea all over the tablecloth . 
 then they would walk around all day half asleep , hungri , and irritable. imagin have to cook and serv three meal a day when you yourself have to abstain . 
 drain well. serv with melt butter pour over. serv 4 . 
 in front of each person stood a littl egg cup . the addison were camp , but they were have the same meal , serv with the same gracious , as they would have had at home . 
 flavor the peach with grand marnier or cointreau. serv plain or with a custard sauc flavor with grand marnier or cointreau. make shortcak ( page 11 , v1 ) and serv slice peach over it sugar to tast . 
 china , silver , and linen can all be arrang ahead of time , and the cook food take onli a short time to prepar . everyon serv himself as he arriv . 
 add a drop of green veget color and stir . spoon over salad befor serv . 
 heat in 400 degre oven until pipe ( about 10 minut ) . serv on a butter plate with a good pat of butter . 
 then she would lie on the couch for week and groan about her plaster of pari cast when the ladi ' church circl came to visit her. it was just a scheme to get mother to fix her hair and to get granddad to serv her supper and carri her to bed in the even . 
 turn the roll onc dure the cooking. serv veal bird on butter rice with appl slice saute in butter and glaze with a littl sugar sprinkl over them . 
 when the shoulder and veget are cook through , brown and bubbl , bring the casserol to the table. serv with horseradish sauc and bake appl . 
 and have instal the joint and veget on the sideboard the pud be cold the cook said good night and depart , plain for home . it was robert who serv everyth , silent , unobtrus and attent . 
 season with salt and pepper . stir in the sherri just befor serv . serv 4 to 6 . 
 then lower heat , cover , and simmer for 1 hour . serv 6 . 
 in case you do n't like oyster stew , i give you a recip at the end for a veri easi to prepar , veri good soup , all from can , which you may use as a substitute. on christma eve in england it 's tradit to serv a wassail bowl , and what could be better to provid for your tree-trimm ? 
 it can be serious , `` sam assur him . `` that hospit not onli has the problem of serv the meal hot , but handl them in a way not to offend ani patient . 
 though come to think of it , she had stay home most even this summer to cook rees 's dinner while amanda was work and she had been nice about it , insist that amanda need not worri , that she would have to learn to cook sometim , would n't she ? and even rees , not prone to give carol credit for anyth , admit that she was a good cook , that she produc better meal than amanda becaus she would rather serv steak than hamburg . 
 we spent the even more or less read , but most talk over past new year 's eve and there is a lot to rememb when you ve spent so mani of them togeth , with onli the break caus by world war ii . i got out the last of the chees and made toast sandwich , serv with a flourish and a hitherto conceal bottl of stuf oliv . 
 it can be use in a number of fish , meat , poultri and veget soups. and if you are plan to serv biscuit or dumpl , tri a pinch of crush rosemari in the batter . 
 add anoth 1/2 cup of white wine and simmer until the veal is tender. serv with rice pilaff . 
 `` lift `` rice with larg spoon until it is thorough warm and butter has been absorb . serv 4 to 6 . 
 some studio insid complain that mca has shown itself penny-wis and pound-foolish in attack frills. the compani , by mr. sackheim 's account , recent save about $ 300 a day by elimin a cater truck that use to serv breakfast to the `` hard copi '' crew . 
 for if a child has an inherit tendenc to be fat , it will be veri difficult for him to later learn to control the bad habit of stuf himself . the idea that children should be taught to `` clean their plate `` of everyth serv to them is ridicul . 
 remov the chicken and strain the broth through a linen napkin or towel . the chicken may be serv with the broth or reserv for other use . 
 wolf larsen and i , between us , cut off kerfoot 's crush finger and sew up the stump. mugridg , who dure all the time he had been compel to cook and serv coffe and keep the fire go had complain of intern pain , now swore that he had a broken rib or two . 
 crack the claw with a nutcrack so that the meat will come out easily. serv boil , hot lobster with plenti of melt butter and lemon wedges. or let it cool and serv it with mayonnais , green mayonnais or remoulad sauc ( see salad dress ) . 
 `` i can hard believ that she is the same girl i found here when i came home in august . she serv a well cook meal , but i was afraid she 'd sour the cream when she look at it . 
 if you are have a light meal , say a saute chicken , start with hearti hor d'oeuvr , such as tini hot biscuit stuf with foie gras. if you are have a fish dinner , do n't serv fish appetizers. serv someth made with veget , meat or chees . 
 follow the direct for hash brown potato ( see abov ) and just befor the potato are done , add 1/2 to 3/4 cup of hot cream . let this cook into the potato for a minut or so befor serv . 
 bake in a dg350 oven for about 45 minut or until the fill is set around the edg , but still a littl runni in the center. ( see custard pie , above. ) serv warm or cool , plain or with whip cream . 
 pour the fresh mix dress over the green and toss light with a fork and spoon until each piec of green is bath with oil. serv quick . 
 the owner were just proud of such build . they encourag visitor who , around 1905 , were inspect the plant each day in group of fifti to five hundr , enjoy a conduct tour , complet with tea serv in the adjoin clubhous . 
 the recip was great improv when the cow was brought to the new world and milk and butter were ad to clam chowder. first : the day befor you plan to serv , pick over bean and discard ani shrivel or imperfect one . 
 use the dine room doe , of cours , mean extra work for the housewif . a dinett , breakfast nook , or area in the kitchen itself where famili meal can be serv at the kitchen tabl minim `` dine room work . `` 
 roast this stuf , bone leg accord to the direct for roast leg of lamb ( see abov ) . serv with the same bean dish and chop spinach dress with butter and a touch of nutmeg . 
 an earthenwar casserol can perform splendid as a tureen stand-in . if you wish to make your soup present truli resplend , the tureen may be chosen with a decor eye toward the type of soup serv . 
 add veget , peppercorn and salt dure last hour of cook . serv 8 . 
 prepar as in the recip below , it make a festiv dish , inde . one advantag is that the cabbag roll can be stuf in advanc , then cook just befor serv . 
 season with salt and pepper . serv 6 . 
 garnish each serv with a twist of lemon peel . serv 6 . 
 combin milk and flavor and beat with a rotari beater , or shake vigor in a shaker or , easiest and best , whirl in the blender . serv 2 . 
 bind with flour and butter . add the milk just befor serv and season with salt , chili powder and cumin . 
 with fri appl ring : omit the onion and apples. serv with fri appl ring , mash potato , dress with butter and chop parsley , and an onion and avocado salad . 
 `` there was n't enough for the whole hospit or all the wards. alic was nervous as she watch the nurs on her team serv the first american at tea time . 
 garnish with chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` so alic talk to him . she explain that mani american famili , either becaus of a principl against the use of alcohol , or becaus they were not accustom to wine , never serv it in the home . 
 pour into a fondu pot or small chafe dish . keep warm while serv . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of minc parsley and paprika . serv 4 to 6 . 
 prepar celeri stick and cucumb slice and place them in separ plastic bag . leav tomato whole and slice just befor serv . 
 for decor , as well as extra flavor , follow an 1820 suggest : stick blanch , split almond all over the pud and set aflam befor bring to tabl . serv 8 to 10 . 
 in the fifth , a well-known spot on kaiserstrass , the fine linen had been replac with paper placemat and the eleg waiter with moros matron . the distast dinner came as a rude shock after the fine food i had been serv in marseill . 
 bake in a dg375 oven until the custard is set. serv hot with heavi cream . 
 garnish with load of popcorn and a sprinkl of snip chive . serv 2 to 3 . 
 and of all mankind , aliv or dead , the class he has least time for are travel gentry. he would n't serv a drink to a tinker , not if the seat of his trouser was patch with ten pound note . 
 `` right , sir , `` i said . `` do you wish them serv sunny-sid up ? `` 
 my own propens are most definit toward a gustatori outlook . it may be high `` unscientif , `` but as i see it , ichthyolog is splendid but it can be even better serv in a sauc and garnish with parsley . 
 ms. shepherd fire off letter to the magazin and the nation live stock and meat board , blame her publicist. she say she doe eat beef , and a peopl magazin piec on her recent wed note that she serv steak . 
 garnish with crouton . serv 4 . 
 simmer until the fish flake when test with a fork. serv in heat soup plate . 
 what soup ! and what an aesthet experi prepar such a varieti of ingredi and then serv them up in celadon bowl with porcelain spoon ( the silver one heat up too fast ! ) 
 pour sauc over them. put the stew in a bowl or serv direct from stew pot. serv immedi . 
 a wealthi matron hire a new maid just a day befor an import dinner parti and instruct her care on how to wait on table. `` now do rememb , mari , alway serv from the left and remov the plate from the right . 
 the meat are bake or made into ball that are stuf or saute . fish dish are use as appet , bake on an open-fac sandwich , or saute in ball and serv with veget and sauc . 
 if the soup is too thick , add a littl boil water dure cook . serv 6 . 
 variat : sprinkl the slice with grate parmesan chees just befor they finish cooking. soak cold cook celeriac in vinaigrett sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) and serv on a bed of green with or without mayonnaise. combin it with other cold cook veget and serv in the same way . 
 at each place sat a littl doll . the girl were serv swedish meat ball , green bean , carrot strip , potato chip , milk , ice cream , and cake . 
 season with salt and pepper . add the parsley just befor serv . 
 if desir , garnish with crouton and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 8 to 10 . 
 wrap the one you re go to use for this parti in a damp cloth or napkin , then in aluminum foil , and place in a 200 degre oven to warm. serv as bread with the chili con carn . 
 heap on a bed of green and garnish with hard-cook egg , raw onion ring and green pepper rings. serv with addit mayonnais , if you wish . 
 bake in greas squar pan in 375 degre oven 20 -- 25 minutes. cut in squar to serve. serv 4 . 
 most veget particular the non-tuber one , those that grow abov ground are delic piec of plant life . they should be cook quick in as littl liquid as possibl and serv up at onc while they still have their fresh tast . 
 remov hulls. this is an attract way to serv berri if they are larg and perfect . 
 balanc it care on the spit and roast over charcoal or in the rotisseri until the thermomet regist dg145 to dg150 for rare. serv with saute potato or bake potato . 
 turn with spatula. serv hot . 
 and a veri reward part of homemak is plan the right food for a famili . for februari i have chosen some easi and inexpens recip which my mormor might have serv . 
 use a mix spoon in one hand and a fork in the other , mix until the potato are well cover with dress . do not refriger rememb , this salad is to be serv hot . 
 pour into a shallow pan and chill until firm. to serv , cut the jelli soup into tini cube and pile into chill bouillon cup . 
 put the platter over hot water to keep it hot. serv with lingonberri , jam , syrup , or just sprinkl with sugar . 
 remov cover and continu bake for 15 minut , allow the top to brown. serv with custard sauc or plain . 
 then there is the tini white onion with the dri skin . this is the choic for boil and serv as a veget . 
 find a good butcher who keep a suppli of fresh calf 's liver and will cut it to your order. one pound will serv 2 to 3 person , or 4 if appetit are modest . 
 she close her eye , and open them to daylight . the sun was rise like a torch over the sea , and there was a clink of metal , which indic that more food was about to be serv . 
 suggest accompani : hot french bread is especi good when dunk in this broth. also serv a good green salad , a dri red wine , fruit and chees for dessert . 
 can or frozen blueberri can never do as much . this pie is marvel serv perfect plain , but if you wish , it may be serv with sweeten and flavor whip cream , as for indian pud ( page 11 ) , or with vanilla ice cream . 
 ice cold chees never has as fine a textur nor as definit a flavor. to enjoy chees at it best , serv a tray of various type and eat them with a good firm bread or crusti french roll . 
 stir in lemon juic and wine . just befor serv , brush slice of french bread with melt garlic butter and toast in the oven . 
 cook over moder heat for 20 minut , then lower heat and simmer for about 20 to 30 minut more . serv hot or cold , thicken each serv with a beaten egg yolk or a spoon of sour cream . serv 6 . 
 look for the brightest red stalk ; those that are greenish are older and tougher. a pound will serv 4 person . 
 cut paper-thin slice of cold , cook corn beef and trim off all the fat. arrang the meat slice on a platter and serv with a select of mustard , cole slaw , raw onion ring and thin slice pickl . 
 use ani of those recommend for plain omelet and pass it separately. chees fluffi omelet : serv with a chees sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 a littl pink at the joint will do no harm. serv chicken with degreas pan juic , crisp saute potato and a good salad . 
 footmen threw open a door . `` dinner is serv . `` 
 she prefer to think of him in that way . she serv up the simpl dinner and call her men . 
 with cream : add 1/2 cup of heavi cream or sour cream and beat it through the mash rutabaga. with bacon : serv mash rutabaga sprinkl with bacon bit . 
 garnish with grate parmesan chees , if desir , and chop fresh parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 noth had been said about our come back tonight , but that is angela 's way of drum up trade , which is slow enough here. they serv an arab coffe ( her husband is an arab immigr ) and a mexican brandi , for which they overcharg us outrag . 
 mix togeth the egg yolk and cream and stir into the hot soup . serv 8 . 
 `` foster recommend more use of visual aid and other devic to enliven the class . `` when they discuss instant coffe in a case , they should have cup of maxim and fresh-brew coffe serv to the class , so the student can compar the two . 
 cook over medium heat for 30 minut . serv 6 to 8 . 
 he call the head waiter and complain , not onli about the food , but also about his waiter . in great contrast was the old waiter who was serv two middle-ag ladi at the neighbor tabl . 
 one or other of the duke 's quantiti of wive would be detail to prepar a luncheon in her own hous , to which all import foreign visitor would be bidden . she would usual serv a `` yam chop `` , a dish of boil yam and boil fowl serv up with sweet palm oil and pepper , and wash down with mimbo , rum or brandi . 
 the dish consist of oriental-styl chop chicken and green bean in an italian-styl marinara sauce. it is serv over spaghetti , with a delic shred japanes cabbag salad , texa toast , and louisiana tabasco sauc -- all for $ 4.75 . 
 cover and cook over low heat for 1 hour . add the cream and cottag chees just befor serv . 
 pour into a heat-proof serv dish and cool for 6 to 8 hours. when readi to serv , sprinkl the top of the creme with brown sugar and run under the broiler flame for just a minut to glaze the sugar . 
 the larger , round , yellow onion , known as the bermuda or spanish onion , is milder , with a rather sweet flavor . this is popular , slice and broil , with steak and hamburg , or serv raw with slice tomato . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of snip chive . serv 2 to 4 . 
 your aunt said it was a memor day and would be memor for all etern . she told about pink bird who crash against the wind-screen of car in itali and who when dead were serv on toast . 
 moe said , `` not at all , monti , come on in. if you do n't mind us clean up while you have your dinner , i will serv you right away . 
 carri to the tabl blaze . follow direct for bake banana ( page 111 ) and blaze the peach with bourbon just befor serv . 
 season to taste. stir a raw egg yolk into each batch of scrambl egg and serv them on a hot platter , kept warm on a hot tray or in a chafe dish or in dish over hot water. serv 12 . 
 grind 1/4 cup peanut with a nut grinder and sprinkl each portion with 1 teaspoon ground peanuts. important. serv hot . 
 these are runni chees with a hard outer crust. serv with melba toast or french bread . 
 remov chicken meat from bone and return to soup. serv with a bowl of pilau to spoon into the soup. serv 6 . 
 dure this time , bast the meat onc or twice to help coat it with the marvel gravi . this dish is veri good serv with red cabbag and potato pancak . note as mention at the begin of the recip , this dish is easier to manag if prepar the day befor or earli on the day it is to be serv . 
 garnish with slice of egg and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 to 8 . 
 in the exampl use , not . from five to seven-thirti mean , veri probabl , that canap , and other littl delicaci and appet , will be serv but not a meal . 
 put all into a bowl of cold water and refrigerate. when readi to serv , dri on paper towel and place attract on a plate or platter with a small dish of season salt in the center for dunk . 
 `` sit where you wish , `` said brenda . the guest were serv italian spaghetti , lettuc wedg , big round oatmeal cooki , and of cours , the appl . 
 fresh lemon juic , by the way , should be use liber on all raw and cook food . most peopl get into a rut with veget , serv the same one continu , never take full advantag of the varieti offer . 
 constant bast make a moister loaf. if you serv this meat loaf hot , let it stand on a hot platter for 10 to 15 minut befor you carv it , to settl the juices. it is even more delici when serv just at a temperatur between warm and cold , with a salad . it is excel serv in thin slice the next day , and it make superb sandwich . 
 artichok as an hor d'oeuvr see page 111 , v4. stuf mushroom serv hot stuf mushroom , page 111 , v5. serv tini tomato , hollow out and stuf with salad a la russ ( page 111 , v4 ) , fine chop seafood salad or mix tuna salad ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 favourit everyday dish are `` jansson 's temptat , `` an anchovi dish , with potato and onion , bake in an oven ; pytt-i-panna , a hash of meat and potato with a fri egg or prefer two ; swedish meatbal , which also contain onion ; and thick pea soup with chunk of pork swim in it , tradit eaten in most swedish home on thursday . there are number of attract way of serv up salmon and other fish , and a great array of differ sort of sausag . meat off the bone is extrem expens ; nowaday , when they can afford it , the swede tend to serv it in the french way , an improv on their tradit over-cook of slice beef. but the most famous of swedish meal for it is realli a whole meal in itself , even if serv onli as a huge prelud is the smorgasbord . 
 the rest were either russian or eastern european . vodka was serv , and it was n't long after they had arriv that mr. davenport took on the appear of be drunk . 
 california is a verit garden of eden , and it culinari tradit have come a long way from the time when littl cake were made from the mash of the bitter acorn of the wild california oak . in california , salad are serv as a first cours . 
 tast for season and add more salt and pepper if needed. serv in a salad bowl and garnish with slice hard-cook egg , strip of green pepper and slice stuf oliv . 
 when readi to serv , unmold ( it come out veri easili ) and fill the center of the ring with ball of ice cream ( strawberri would be pretti ) or with ball of sherbet in various pastel color . serv 6 -- 8 . note : the ring becom veri crisp , so it is imposs to slice it to serv . 
 if desir , place a pat of butter in each serv bowl befor pour soup . serv 4 to 6 . 
 with shrimp : five minut befor the sauc is done , add 1 pound of shell raw shrimp and 1 teaspoon of tarragon. finish cook and serv over hot pasta . 
 add a few dash of sherri , if desired. serv at once. serv 4 to 6 . 
 devil beef bone : if a littl of the meat is left on the rib bone by the carver , these may be cook in the same manner as devil beef slice ( see abov ) . serv with sauc diabl . 
 `` the troubl with premium entre and dinner is that they are n't realli premium , '' contend leo shapiro , a chicago-bas market consultant. `` they are accept onli when compar with tv dinner -- in other word , wet dogfood serv on a prison plate . '' 
 the service-ori ambianc also make steep price -- $ 4.95 for a cheeseburg and fri , for exampl -- easier to swallow , he says. becaus women busi travel tend to avoid dark airport bar , host is instal brighter light and big tv screen in it bar , as well as serv appet and sandwich along with drink . 
 of cours , each guest want to examin all the place card befor she took her own seat for luncheon . for dessert , laura serv petit four which she had decor . 
 the ice can be decor with his name and a candl for each year plus `` one to grow on `` for children , or it can be decor in some other way that make it extra special . if it is serv at a parti , the decor can carri out the theme . 
 the french phrase hor d'oeuvr is an idiomat express that mean someth unusu out of the general pattern . as a culinari term it mean a side dish , general serv as an appet . 
 continu cook until the veget are done and the meat is tender. remov the brisket to a hot platter , surround it with the veget and serv with sharp horseradish or with mustard sauce. you can serv the broth first as a soup cours , if you like , and then follow it with the meat and veget . 
 simmer 5 minutes. serv on toast bun . 
 rutherford hay was tongue-lash by a visitor befor guard could grab the man. some visitor , in the earli day when tea , coffe and food were serv in an adjac room , flat out ignor the presid . 
 euell gibbon who is enthusiast about catnip recommend steep tea in a tight cover vessel , as it flavor and aroma are volatil . he serv his tea in a demi-tass with a slice of lemon after dinner . 
 drain the potato at onc , sprinkl with salt and fresh ground black pepper and put back on the stove over veri low heat for a few minut to dri out and get mealy. serv in their skin with plenti of melt butter . 
 cover and cook over low heat for 40 minut . serv 8 to 10 . 
 add nutmeg. serv with chop hard-cook egg and lemon wedges. serv 4 to 6 . 
 when readi to use , skim off fat , and reheat. serv with fluffi white rice and crusti french bread . 
 you could smell the burn charcoal and hear the mutton sizzl over the fire . there was rice and ewe 's chees and boil tea , which was serv in a crack earthen cup that we each took turn drink from . 
 perhap the child was not mine. if barton bester 's restaur were mafia-control , whi did not one of them serv italian food ? 
 stir into the stew . serv pipe hot in a heat dish with a bowl of the chill sour cream sprinkl with paprika to spoon over each serv . serv 6 . 
 pour over onion , and place tart in a dg375 oven for about 35 minut or until a knife come out clean when insert 1-1/2 inch from center . allow to rest 15 minut befor serv . 
 but he also want varieti , balanc , and contrast in each program. when a friend said he thought he overdid his prepar , rubinstein explain , `` you would n't serv a guest veal , beef , and chicken at the same meal . 
 and besid , she figur that all i am burn up is my own tree , and youth has to have it fling . she serv us a countri dinner , start with smoke fatback soup and end with white chees , that is reminisc enough of the return home of the prodig son to break your heart . 
 but no imit of gold would satisfi harun ar rashid , the caliph made famous in the arabian night . at the feast in his palac the roast of duck , turkey , and suckl lamb , laid in bed of saffron rice , were serv on dish of gold and jewel . 
 an elder coupl ask carol if she would trade apart with them becaus their was too big now that their children had gotten marri . carol said no. she serv no refresh but nobodi seem to mind . 
 do n't put them in salad dress ; they overpow the delic greens. serv blue chees separ with the salad cours , if you like . 
 slash the crust to let the steam escape. serv it pipe hot from the bowl in which it was steam , and with it serv mash potato and brais brussel sprout . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of snip dill . serv 6 to 8 . variat : to serv cold , omit the egg yolks. chill the soup and stir in the cream just befor serv . 
 gentl heat through and garnish with crouton . serv 4 to 6 . 
 so far , she has purchas a 12-volum leatherbound guid to the motion-pictur industri , a bear stuf with shred money , a shawl at gucci , an artwork in pewter , cobalt vase and handcraft toy soldiers. and she is still plan to serv caviar on christma eve . 
 combin with other ingredi , includ reserv pork , and simmer until well blend , about 20 minutes. serv as a veget with ani pork dish , or as luncheon entre . 
 `` merci , `` my mother said at last , `` my nose is shine like a beacon where 's your powder ? `` when my mother had gone down to start serv the dinner , aunt edna put away the ashtray and began spray attar of rose around the room . 
 both are delicious. one grapefruit of averag size will serv 2 person . 
 `` my compliment to our guest , and conduct him to my study. serv his dinner there , and request his permiss to receiv us in one hour . 
 top the chill soup with mound of beaten egg white . serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` i believ it is the custom , sir , in decent societi , `` said mr crawley , haughtili , `` to call the dish as i have call it `` ; and it was serv to us on silver soup-plat by the footmen in the canari coat , with the mouton aux navet . then `` ale and water `` were brought , and serv to us young ladi in wine-glass . 
 add milk , cream , and oyster liquor and make veri hot , but do not boil. serv with 8 good pat of butter float on top and a dust of paprika . 
 whip cream with salt until thick ( see page 201 , v2 ) . when serv , top each cup or soup plate with a dollop of whip cream . serv 6 . 
 buy these in packag and heat accord to direct on packag in their own foil pans. serv wrap in napkin , in basket if you have them . 
 top with fresh ground black pepper and a sprinkl of chop parsley . serv 2 to 4 . 
 heat. serv steam hot in demitass cup as a delight appetizer. serv 8 . 
 when the white is all white and firm the egg is done. remov the egg with a slot or perfor spoon , drain them thorough befor you serv them on toast slice . 
 tast for season and add salt if requir . befor serv , add the reserv whole pea . serv 4 to 6 . 
 the rosari finish , anni shoo him off to bed with the excus that : `` someon has to be fit to rise the morrow . `` she herself stay up till morn , serv tea in the kitchen to relay of mourner , make the all-night vigil at the wake . 
 i was at the hous when they got there. miss amma dean had brought ethel up there to serv the drink and the sandwich , and she had ask me to stay there to make coffe . 
 a crown roast of lamb is a doubl rack shape into a crown . it is general serv with mushroom , sausag or veget heap in the center . 
 season with salt . serv 4 to 6 . 
 top with whip cream. serv poach peach halv ( see abov ) top with vanilla ice cream and raspberri syrup . 
 place in dg400 f. oven until top is browned. serv from the casserole. serv 4 to 6 . 
 food. if your parti is held out-of-door , serv meat sandwich instead of meat and potato . 
 gentl heat through , but do not let boil . serv 4 to 6 . 
 if you have cook them in the shell , remov shell and clean. serv these shrimp chill , with mayonnais , green mayonnais , remoulad sauc , tartar sauc or vinaigrett sauc ( see salad dress ) . 
 with a strong lead -- the latest wall street journal/nbc news poll show he has the support of 35 % of his parti 's like voter , with the rev. jess jackson a distant second with 9 % -- the outsid has the insid track for the nomination. even so , the man who supplement his father 's incom by serv hamburg at scotti 's drive-in here is in a peculiar posit , an insurg who is forc to run almost as an incumb . 
 bake accord to instruct for appl pie ( abov ) . serv with heavi cream or whip cream . 
 they are sold by the pint and quart. one quart will serv 4 person . 
 be care not to let the sauc stick to the pan or burn. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with the stuf chops. with these fine-tast stuf chop serv polenta ( page 111 , v2 ) and zucchini saute in oliv oil and flavor with garlic and parsley . 
 garnish with crouton . serv 4 to 6 . 
 he smile ingrati at mrs. smith , compliment her on her trim appear , and said , `` i wish my mother would take up golf . `` dessert was serv , and jenni 's grandmoth suggest , `` you children run along when you re readi . 
 bast frequent with addit butter as the lobster cook or it will dri out. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with melt butter and lemon wedg . 
 anoth feel urg me to becom a good marin . the third week thing were still within bound until the morn they serv powder egg in the chow hall . 
 variat : omit the chili pepper . just befor serv , add 1/4 cup dri sherri . 
 garnish with chop parsley , chive or scallion . serv 4 . 
 this rich french dough can be made into the tradit bun with littl topknot , or it can be shape ani way you choose. it make an excel bread or bun to serv guest at breakfast , luncheon or , toast , at tea . 
 the float island he eulog was not the custard dessert we know today , but a veri rich beverag . undoubt it delic pink color ad much to the pleasur of serv it . 
 consid joseph duerr , a los angel real-est dealer. he want to serv two bottl of dom perignon champagn at a recent barbecu , and he did -- after pay about $ 69 a bottl , 56 % more than a year ago at one liquor store . 
 bast them occasion , and turn them over when they have cook about 1/2 hour . roast beef is best serv plain with the pan juic and perhap a littl horseradish or mustard . 
 `` okay , i ll go , i suppose. i just hope you serv up someth substanti befor we go , mom . 
 when they are hot through and thorough brown , they are done. serv plain or garnish with bacon bit and chop parsley . 
 this is not necessary. cook kidney quick and serv them rare . 
 bake in a dg375 oven for 1/2 hour , bast frequent with the broth or wine in the pan . this can be serv as a first cours , as a salad cours or as a side dish on a cold buffet . 
 cool to room temperatur , then chill in refriger . note origin this old recip was serv perfect plain , as given . 
 the `` smalli `` can join in this pre-dinn gather so that the famili circl will be complete. anoth interest variat is to serv the dessert somewher els ; in the live room , on the patio or terrac , in the playroom , or on the lawn . 
 flavor to tast with curri powder and add piec of cold turkey. heat and serv over rice. with this serv a good chutney , toast butter almond , chop hard-cook egg and some crisp tini green onion . 
 the tabl was load with roast suckl pig , chaudin ( stuf stomach of a young hog ) , bake chicken and duck , ham , rice dress , `` store-bought `` bread , countri butter , winter veget ( no frozen food in those day ) , and bake sweet potato . wine was serv , of cours , and at the end a demi-tass of pure black coffe made from home-roast bean . 
 surround it with the pig 's feet , slice salt pork , slice loin of pork and sausages. serv with the boil potato . 
 heat to a boil . add sherri just befor serv . serv 4 to 6 . 
 decor each egg with two bacon slice ( cut in half if you like ) . serv at once. serv 4 . 
 he saw the short , fat figur of davi come into the yellow ring of light cast by the battl lantern. `` you may serv out a ration of rum to all hand , mr. davi , includ such of the wound as the doctor may give consent to . '' 
 continu stir and cook until the sauc is smooth and thick. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with the roll . 
 they took the gourd from me when i hand it to them , and that was all. after they had drunk , they just let it hang there in their hand , and i had to reach and get it so i could serv anoth one . 
 reheat. with sour cream : serv plain bake potato with sour cream , salt , fresh ground black pepper and chop chive ; or scoop out the insid and blend with these ingredi . 
 the salmon may provid enough. just befor you serv , add a dash of lemon juic . 
 it has simpli been someth he 's alway taken for granted. he is use to see his famili have a glass of wine with dinner and usual , though not alway , serv a drink to their guest . 
 when they are brown on both side and almost done , add just enough marsala to cover the meat and let the wine cook down for a few minutes. serv sprinkl with chop parsley . 
 if your parti is small and if you wish to give favor for the parti , buy someth that make you think of the world , such as : small globe , a handbook of flag of other countri , or if your guest are stamp collector , a small packet of foreign stamps. refresh : if you wish to serv guest at a tabl , you can use the cake as a centerpiec . 
 phone 622-7886 4701 westheim , just off the west loop . sonni look 's sir-loin inn serv the ultim in texas-s steak big , thick and cook the way you like them . 
 here , at the ngiu kee depart store , cosmetologist demonstr the new bio line of natural-ingredi makeup put out by kenebo , the japanes cosmet firm. at the sha na na fast-food shop , `` halal '' food -- food accept to orthodox muslim -- is serv : halal fish-head curri cost $ 1.28 , while a halal cheeseburg goe for 68 cent . 
 clayton kept aunt milli laugh and , amanda hope , drove out all memori of the comment she had overheard from perri and carol . while clayton clear the tabl and amanda serv an old-fashion brown betti , the telephon rang . 
 to mani of us , fish mean onli deep-fat fri shrimp or can tuna . our neglect of fish is a sad state of affair , for few food are tastier than fresh fish broil gentl until golden brown and serv up with lemon , butter and parsley . 
 cover the pot again , turn flame down to low , and continu to simmer for 1/2 hour more . fourth : just befor serv , remov 1/2 cup broth to a teacup , add 1/2 tablespoon file , and stir with a teaspoon until smooth . 
 arrang the chicken on a hot platter , add a dash or so of lemon juic to the sauc and pour it over the chicken. garnish with chop parsley and serv with rice or noodl . 
 also a favorit dessert soup . serv 4 to 6 . 
 when they are done , cool them and then chill in the refrigerator. serv with mayonnais or vinaigrett sauc ( see salad dress ) . 
 other ham : can ham , domest and import , offer a shortcut in prepar ; they need onli be heat through. or serv them cold as they come from the can . 
 chef biagi , for one , agrees. he say that he enjoy it , but onli if it 's serv warm with a glass of milk . 
 cover and continu cook until meat and veget are tender . serv 6 . 
 allow 3 to 4 apricot per serving. peel and slice apricot and serv them with sugar and heavi cream . 
 heat until thicken , but do not let boil . serv 4 to 6 . 
 cook until veget are tender. serv with a spoon of sour cream in each soup plate and sprinkl with chop parsley or dill. serv 4 to 6 . 
 tast for season and add salt if necessari . serv 6 to 8 . 
 we are do a sew project in all class hope to complet it befor christma vacat . the 11th and 12th grade prepar cooki and candi serv at `` open hous `` sponsor by the home ec and craft depart held thursday afternoon , decemb 5 . member of all class assist with the prepar and serv for this event . 
 i had never had domest help in the state simpli becaus we could n't afford it , but in kabul it was a necessity. buy food in the bazaar and prepar it to serv is almost imposs for a western woman . 
 if desir , garnish with crouton or sprinkl with grate chees . serv 4 to 6 . 
 a famous after-dinn speaker was invit to appear at a club in a medium-s citi . as he step up to the lectern after the dessert had been serv , he notic that the usual pitcher of water and glass were miss . 
 they vari greatly. serv slice of melon with lime wedg or lemon wedg , and be sure to have salt avail . 
 sprinkl with slice scallion . serv 4 . 
 she had arrang to sell two old hen that were past lay , to the proprietor of the hotel . they would be serv there for supper one even to the resid and the visit commerci travel . 
 bring just to a boil. serv this sauc with the meat . 
 season with worcestershir and salt. serv hot or chill . 
 gray , flabbi , cold lamb is thorough unappetizing. be sure you alway serv hot lamb on hot , hot platter or plate . 
 `` go out to the shed , `` he say , `` and see what damag the coffin has suffer sinc it left the premis . `` i finish serv a round of drink and when i got out to the shed the feeney had brought in the coffin . 
 suggest accompani : bake potato dress with butter , chop parsley and crumbl bacon. rib steak vari in size ; a small one will serv one person and a larg one will serv two . 
 give them about 3 to 4 minut on the second side. serv with the sauc from the broil pan pour over them . 
 sprinkl with snip fresh dill . serv 4 to 6 . 
 it has proven to be quit help to the kid and challeng to those help them . mrs. swank 's senior class has been work on casserol and menu plan which will help them with their senior dinner which are be serv around christma . 
 over the year , the gotti have prosper by maintain qualiti in food , wine and service. chef may have come and gone , but the diner have kept come back for such menu item as grill lobster , bast with sea urchin coral butter and serv with a potato pure cream with virgin oliv oil , at $ 28 a portion . 
 juli 4th place a tini flag , stuck in a red gumdrop , at each place. serv flame peach : put a lump of sugar , soak in lemon extract , insid each can peach half and light it . 
 if the ad continu , said a spokesman for new york attorney general robert abram , `` we ll consid legal action. '' he ad , `` the fact is that food serv by mcdonald 's should be consum onli in moder . '' 
 the press is scream for dowl 's head . serv up with an appl in his mouth . 
 add the rice , if desir , butter and chayot piec and simmer for about 5 minut more. discard garlic and serv at once. serv 6 to 8 . 
 spread on thin , finger-shap slice of firm bread or toast and top with veri thin slice of tini white onion. serv open-fac or top with anoth slice of the bread light butter . 
 it is a delici season for all three. also serv saute or bake onion , mash yellow turnip , or brussel sprout . 
 season with salt , pepper and herb . serv 4 . 
 yes , sir . `` rubi invit her guest into the inner offic and serv bourbon and coke . 
 he would have answer to a question , those blind eye blink : `` my name is michael panyoti and i sing the glori of greec ! `` luncheon was serv . 
 stir care to combin ingredients. be sure this is well heat through and serv hot . 
 divid the won ton among 6 soup plate and fill with the hot soup . serv 6 . 
 with the engin off , there was no electr . the stewardess serv a few cold leftov from the galley , hold their tray in one hand , flashlight in the other . 
 a rich sautern or tokay or strong-tast german wine can be a perfect culmin to a meal with wine , but even the finest vintag port will not tast it best after such wine . there are other except to the main rule of serv dri befor sweet . when rich dish such as foie gras , alreadi mention , or smoke salmon are serv at the begin of a meal , dri wine may be consid a less suitabl accompani than sweet wine . 
 pour this over the kidney and rice , and garnish with chop parsley. serv with crisp toast bread and a beet and egg salad on a bed or romain . 
 he began her education. he taught her not to serv spaghetti becaus it was messi to eat and made it seem as if they could not afford to pay a butcher . 
 cook crabmeat , pick from the shell , is also avail in the pacif coast region , and this is the most common way to sell crab in the east . one pound serv 4 person . 
 `` they ll bend over backward to make sure princip is n't lost. '' guardian face a tough time account for `` everi glass of milk and one-quart of the potato you serv at dinner , '' say mr. norden , the new york lawyer . 
 slowli brais the carrot until they are tender . drain and add to the hot consomm just befor serv . 
 when you use a timer well , it keep the whole situat under control for you. do n't forget that it 's exceed import to serv hot food on hot plate and cold food on cold plate . 
 they had approach in the night , but had made no move to attack . the crew serv breakfast brought by the guerrilla : flat arabian bread , sheep chees , hard-boil egg and tea . 
 part of this is the strength of what might most generous be call tradit italian carefulness. with the common market , a river of butter could flow down to itali from franc , germani or holland , but italian still often serv bread and roll without butter . 
 tri grand marnier , kirsch , cognac , cointreau or benedictine. serv melon slice ( honeydew or casaba are best ) top with a scoop of lemon or lime ice . 
 make a stay-put past of prepar mustard , quinc jam , powder clove , dill seed and dill weed and cornmeal to spread on a small ham befor it goe into the oven. join appl and caraway serv littl side dish of caraway seed with bake appl . 
 just befor done add a dash or two of wine vinegar. season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and serv hot or cold as a relish with broil meat . 
 add soy sauc and pepper and bring to a boil. remov from heat and serv pipe hot. serv 4 . 
 mereweth was tempt for a moment to make some sort of maudlin speech about depart shipmat , then decid the truest appreci of jackson would be shown by an issu of rum. `` mr. davi , you may serv out a ration of spirit to all hand . 
 chill thoroughly. serv with a spoon of sour cream in each portion . 
 there we sat on the ground with the bedouin men and accept coffe scent with pungent cardamom , and sweet tea. the man name omir smile and said : `` we serv the coffe first , and then the tea , becaus life is most bitter , a littl sweet . '' 
 ike , the bald , round-fac owner , bartend , chef and bouncer combin , look at clay-boy with surpris and displeasure. `` you know i ca n't serv you , clay-boy , '' complain ike . 
 if the vote is close , we might have help put our side over . `` at six o'clock the women serv dinner to the refuge . 
 pour this over the cook , drain cauliflow and season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper. cauliflow hollandais : serv hot cauliflow with hollandais sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 add 2 tablespoon of the soup liquid . just befor serv , divid this mixtur among the bowl of hot soup and sprinkl with grate chees . serv 6 . 
 some guest may like espresso , other the usual demi-tasse. this is usual an adult get-togeth , but until it is time to say goodnight , the children might greet the guest , serv the coffe , or replenish suppli on the buffet tabl . 
 remov from oven with two pot holders. serv veri hot . 
 slowli stir into remain soup . serv 4 . 
 add the remain ingredi and continu simmer for about 30 minut . serv 4 to 6 . 
 season with salt and pepper and add cayenn . serv 6 . 
 stand the roll of cooki on edg on a plate or small platter as you do this and finish by spread whip cream over the roll thus made . place in the refriger for at least four hour befor serv . cut the roll for serv at an angl so that each slice consist of stripe of cream and ginger . serv 4 -- 6 . 
 this can be done after the roast is remov from the oven and while it is stand to let the juic settle. serv the pud cut in squar . 
 but later he has a fine chanc , after he is born , to get even with her. just when she most wish the new babi would stay asleep and be quiet so that she can be free to serv supper to the rest of the famili , the babi awak . 
 in my opinion , this is the most delici cut of pork and the most versatil . just the thought of sparerib , broil over charcoal or in the broiler and serv with a pungent sauc make me raven hungri . 
 peopl had to get rid of them somehow. well into the new year , they were serv in everi conceiv form to aspir priest , nun and brother who , under the then strict and unquestion rule of obedi , had no choic but to eat them . 
 enter the room where the parti is be held call , `` sandwich , ice cold drink ! `` for dessert serv ice-cream bar and cup cake , with candi clown face in the ice . 
 garnish with oliv , pimiento , tomato quarter , stuf egg or ani cold food you choose. serv with mayonnais . 
 i ll make sure he goe , `` said mitrah , pick up her handbag and follow him out . she gave him his advanc and more besid and hid him in the garag for supper had not yet been serv . 
 it was too earli to actual meet them so onc they got to their destin , a friend littl communiti on the outskirt of the citi , lepet and ellen rosenberg took up a posit behind a hedg , the one where an old man had onc jump out and traumat snap her panti . peer out in the moonlight , lepet first saw an elder gentleman relax in a reclin chair while a stocki woman serv him what appear to be bowl of stew . 
 she was a thin , lacon woman with black , cold eye who never said a word to me without trembl slight . today she serv my food with a shi and sympathet smile . 
 voraci throughout youth , it demand and get food almost constant . parent hunt most of the day for larg insect , frog , reptil , and even the young of smaller bird , which they pluck as nake as supermarket chicken befor serv . 
 class are held in cabin which duplic the interior of all aircraft use by the airline. here traine serv complet meal in practic session that are videotap for subsequ step-by-step review . 
 garnish with thin lemon slice sprinkl with chop fresh parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 dure the day , bedrol are store on a shelf locat near the ceil along one side of the tini room . at mealtim the famili will sit around a common piec of meat serv on a plank , and each diner will whittl off chunk to suit his individu tast . 
 next to get your own breakfast , sunday brunch is the easiest meal you can prepar . it 's serv late enough in the morn to give you plenti of relax prepar time . 
 if soup is too thick , add a littl more beef stock. add parsley and serve. serv 6 to 8 . 
 slice the meat and chicken . arrang on serv platter along with the garbanzo and other ingredi , and serv as the main cours . serv 4 to 6 . 
 about 1-1/4 hour befor the casserol is done , put 4 bake potato , well scrub and greas , in the oven to cook. serv this pork and sauerkraut casserol with the bake potato , some pungent pickl and a light , pleasant dessert , such as creme brule . 
 prepar boil asparagus and let it cool. chill in the refriger and serv with mayonnais . 
 murre breweri co. serv some of the tastiest beer in asia , but it has a problem : the govern of pakistan threaten to flog it custom . 
 if desir , garnish each serv with chees crouton . serv 6 to 8 . 
 simmer for 15 minut or until the kidney slice are tender. serv with boil potato . 
 salt to tast , rins the pan with 1/3 cup cognac and pour over the steaks. serv with crisp saute potatoes. with mushroom : prepar the hamburg as abov and serv heap with mushroom saute in butter and season with salt and pepper , chop chive and chop parsley . 
 refriger overnight , or for day or two. unmold and serv with shred horseradish mix with sour cream and season to tast . 
 variat : use half strawberri and half rhubarb. strawberri , bright red and drip with juic , are wonder ani way you serv them . 
 razor clam : dip shuck , clean razor clam in egg , then in crumb , and brown in butter on both sides. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with lemon wedg . 
 also a splendid dessert soup . serv 6 . 
 your main cours is what is known as a `` short order `` one it has to be finish off at the last minute. therefor it is much easier for you to serv the fruit as dessert in this instanc . 
 add the dress to the lettuc green and toss togeth until everyth is well moistened. serv on individu salad plate . 
 chill. serv with an ice cube in each soup plate. serv 10 to 12 . 
 the tabl was center with a valentin tree ( page 46 ) and each place was mark with a valentin nut-cup place card . jane serv strawberri flavor fruit gelatin , crown with whip cream , heart-shap sandwich , heart decor cake , and ice cream . 
 everi class except the kindergarten class made christma cooki , appl sauc , and bread pudding. the children hope to make cake , and even prepar and serv a meal . 
 we had some custom call and say they had stop visit us becaus they did not want to support a gun runner. '' on valentin 's day , the restaur serv it last enchilada . 
 this should take not more than about 2 minut to a side , otherwis the fish will be dri and overcooked. serv at onc on a hot platter with lemon wedg and parsley sprigs. serv 4 . 
 with curri sauc : make a cream curri sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) and fold the crabmeat into the sauc with 1/2 cup of chop toast almonds. serv on rice and accompani with a good chutney . 
 `` whi , dylan , `` sybilla said , grip his hand , `` i did n't know you felt like that . `` `` dinner , `` announc the hostess , make a mock curtsi like a theatric maid , `` is serv . `` 
 season with salt and pepper to taste. remov meatbal from the oven , pour gravi over them , and serve. serv veri hot with boil potato , cucumb salad ( page 111 ) , and lingonberri . 
 add parsley , salt , pepper and nutmeg . serv 4 to 6 . 
 when jay and i were usher into our room and found comfort bed with light-blu sheet , with a proper toilet just down the corridor , although you did have to leap over a few tree limb to get there , i was even surer that this was a tourist trap , howev world-known . the hostess put her head insid our door to invit , `` tea is be serv on the roof . 
 stir in cook wheat with ground poppi seeds. serv cold top with chop nut . 
 cover again and continu simmer until the veget are tender and the meat is done. serv as you do brais beef , bordeaux fashion ( see page 232 ) . cold brais beef , a la mode : to serv the abov dish cold , remov the meat from the broth when it is done and trim off the rag edg and excess fat . 
 season to tast with salt , fresh ground black pepper and paprika. remov them to hot plate and serv with lemon quarter , broil tomato and spaghetti dress with butter and grate chees . 
 at the raffl hotel , the manag perfect a blackout for it larg ballroom , and the orchestra provid music for danc from eight to midnight . the swim club remain a popular center , and food was still serv on it broad veranda . 
 with these interpret , the captain and the mate made their way to the town of sonho , where they were kept wait in the usual way . they were receiv by the king , to whom they present six yard of chintz , in return for which he had a chicken kill and serv up on a dirti pewter platter . 
 food-stamp and other food and nutrit program for which congress appropri $ 19.7 billion in the current year , would be cut onli slightly. cut would be accomplish most by a new attempt to elimin feder subsidi for meal serv to school children from famili whose incom are well abov the poverti level . 
 stir in heavi cream , and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. serv with rice or fri toast . 
 pleas do n't take the time to change. `` when catherin got to the tabl , than was explain to kent that edward had decid it was too late to serv the meal he had plan . 
 food. if you are have an even parti , serv onli the jack-o'-lantern sandwich , witch ' brew , and the doughnut from the centerpiece. serv buffet style . 
 chill . garnish each serv with a dollop of whip cream and a sprinkl of grate lemon rind . serv 4 to 6 . 
 cook as above. holstein : serv the scallop with a ring of anchovi and a fri egg on top of each one. with this scallop dish serv crisp fri potato and brais cabbag . 
 the whole period was a dim phase for me , lit with brief flash of insight into incident that did not person concern me . i went about the trivial busi of the day , plan meal , shop for and prepar them , serv them and saw to their clear away . 
 `` we sail from kiel at 1400 . the farewel parti had been brief , and the tradit last dinner was a mere shadow of the lucullan meal that had been serv on such occas in the past . 
 los angel time one hot afternoon littl peter was have a parti to celebr his fourth birthday . his mother serv ice-cold lemonad and cooki . 
 then add the slice ripe oliv , the caper and the chop parsley. serv this tongu in tomato sauc with crusti saute potato and pure spinach dress with plenti of butter . 
 run under the broiler flame for a few minut to melt the sugar. serv while veri hot . 
 parti stew : brown 1/2 pound of mushroom with the meat and use red wine for half of the liquid. serv with plenti of chop green parsley heap on top . 
 few passeng will be unfortun enough to see how a flight attend can evacu a planeload of passeng in 90 seconds. but air travel ' impress of an airlin hing in larg part on the cabin crew 's abil to serv food and drink with effici and aplomb . 
 the gold-min index fell 5.1 , to 324.7. brewer soar earli in the day on news that restaur will be allow to serv alcohol all afternoon . 
 remov the apricot and cook the liquid down a bit. pour it over the fruit and serv warm or cold. you may serv this with whip cream or a custard sauc , if you wish . 
 the fish is done when it flake easily. remov the cook fish , foil and all , to a platter and serv with parsley butter , lemon butter or hollandais sauc ( see sauc ) . 
 season with salt and pepper. serv garnish with croutons. serv 4 to 6 . 
 garnish with fresh strawberri slice . serv 6 to 8 . 
 sinc so much of life is spent outdoor at christmastim , turkey cook japanes style , teriyaki , over a pit or barbecu , has becom a lead favorit . `` it is veri good slice and serv in bun , `` report the wife of a hawaiian senat . 
 fourteen inch of snow , road close , no plane leav kennedi ... he had one terribl time get to a phone to call carol . he told her , `` they are show movi , and serv meal in some of the strand plane . 
 the schmoll famili and claud 's parent were sit in the dine room . coffe had been serv . 
 sparkl wine can general go through ani meal . rose wine aso fit in with most dish , but sinc they are general serv cold , go best with light meal and salad . 
 drain them well , season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and pour melt butter over them. cream : serv with a rich cream sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 in some case your parent must get ticket in advanc , and they must alway plan for transportation. sometim you can serv refresh at home , befor the show or game , especi if you have reserv seat . 
 when you know you re go to use it for dessert , put a jar in the refriger in the morn to be sure it will be nice and cold at dinner time. if your famili like it that way , serv light cream or half-and-half to pour over it . 
 pour the vinaigrett sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) over them and let them stand for 1 or 2 hour ; turn the bean frequent to be sure they are thorough bath in the sauce. serv with mayonnais . 
 tast for season and add salt if necessari . serv 6 . 
 broil about 3/4 of an hour , turn once. serv rare . 
 be sure to turn off the heat , becaus further cook will toughen the clam . just befor serv , add 4 tablespoon butter and the hot milk-cream . 
 t-bone : this is actual a porterhous cut from the small end of the loin. be not as larg around , it is a good choic if you wish to serv individu steak . 
 a 1-inch-thick hamburg would take about 6 minut on each side , for rare. serv hamburg patti with crisp fri potato , potato chip , slice beefsteak tomato or slice onion. they make ideal indoor or outdoor food and are delici serv with cold beer . 
 garnish with duxell or slice cook mushrooms. serv cut in wedg . 
 the rate are as follow : one in a room , $ 8^50 , two in a room , $ 12^50 , three in a room , $ 5^00 each . the banquet dinner will be serv at noon , thursday , which will close the confer . 
 turn often to be sure all the stalk are well bathed. let them soak for 2 hour , then drain and serv with mayonnais . 
 remov from the oven with two pot holders. serv at onc on individu plate ( a doili under each shell will keep them from slide on the plate ) . serv with lemon wedg and butter toast , cut diagon across . 
 `` we should all eat , `` fernando said . `` pilar , what pass that we are not serv ? `` 
 sinc then , price in the cafe have gone up , but the clientel doe not chang . final a sign appear in the window : `` we re not rascist , but we are no longer serv black . `` 
 and yet i had a half-ling terror that she might not be dead after all , but re-arisen in the bodi of some descend . felip serv my meal in my own apart ; and his resembl to the portrait haunt me . 
 garnish with crouton and minc parsley . serv 4 . 
 allow 1 per person and grill accord to the timet above. serv with stuf bake potato and cole slaw . 
 serbian and armenian like to add a sauc of yoghurt and mash garlic . this is spread on top of the sarma when it is serv . serv 8 to 10 . 
 continu cook for anoth 5 minut , but do not let boil . serv 4 to 6 . 
 set the cup on cooki sheet and slip under broiler for a moment to brown the cream and chees . serv 6 . 
 when the repast was conclud , a jug of hot water was place befor sir pitt , with a case-bottl contain , i believ , rum . mr horrock serv myself and my pupil with three littl glass of wine , and a bumper was pour out for my ladi . 
 they were also favorit of the italian and mexican and may be prepar in various way . a delici way of serv dri fig is as follow : put 1 pound of dri fig in a pot with 1 tablespoon strain lemon juic and water just to cover . 
 a similar hors prejudic is more local to the unit state , but still power . the harvard faculti club start serv hors steak dure the second world war , and as far as i know still serv them on certain day . 
 see suggest under chees hor d'oeuvr , page 11 , and caviar , page 11. serv ani of the veget a la grecqu suggest in the salad chapter , page 111 , v4. serv on thin slice of bread with mayonnais , or serv on individu plate . 
 continu cook until the meat and fowl are tender ; this will take about 1 more hour . one half hour befor serv add potato with their skin left on , a quarter head of cabbag and 6 carrot . 
 add rice and dumpl and heat onli long enough to warm both sufficiently. to serv , sprinkl with parsley. serv 10 to 12 as main cours . 
 twice sinc the accid , he 'd felt it expedi to accept her invit for `` a chat at my littl place . `` in her basement apart , with steampip knock and gurgl overhead , she 'd serv him tea in a cup of heirloom china . 
 on the farm and in the countri food was plenti , if limit in varieti , but in the citi the upper strata of societi never spare the local chef when entertain governor , travel dignitari , or militari hero . some of the dish serv sound bizarr today , but it would have been a strang man inde who could not have found someth to his like in the menus of the day . 
 slip dish into dg350 oven for 1 hour ; turn chicken occasionally. serv with rice . 
 when dine in a restaur where the host has no person knowledg of the wine it is safest to reli on the follow rule in consult with the wine butler. serv dri wine ( red or white ) befor an obvious sweet wine. other thing be equal , serv a white wine befor a red , becaus it appeal is more direct and it prepar the palat for the more subtl flavour of the red wine to follow . 
 season to tast with salt and pepper and sprinkl with chop parsley. serv with lemon wedg . 
 place in a cover casserol . if to be serv almost at onc , keep warm in a 350 degre oven . 
 the fare at amritsar , though suitabl humbl , was abundant. sikh sewadar helper carri ton of wheat , potato , cereal , and halwa a sweet from huge iron caldron to serv all comer on leaf plate . 
 if from casserol , let initi steam die down. then put huge glob of sour cream over all and serve. ( do not put on cream until all heat is complet , as cream will melt . ) 
 add 1/2 pound of mushroom saute in butter. serv this cream chicken over biscuit ( page 11 , v1 ) or cornbread made from a mix . 
 mix with 3 tablespoon of chop green pepper , 4 tablespoon of chop parsley , 3 tablespoon of chop chive and french dressing. serv in a larg bowl line with romain . 
 they were tire when they return to the school , with no energi left to do anyth about their person problem . when sharon had serv him his late supper , she sat down besid him and talk with him while he ate . 
 tri them with a good sauc , and i 'm sure you ll be delight surprised. one veal kidney will serv one person . 
 under the eye of a nurs sister , plump infant were be stuf chockablock with scrambl egg and tomato , follow by pineappl and custard , plus a mug of milk . two other meal of these dimens are serv everi day , with meat at one of them at least ; no wonder the babi are as podgi as littl bear . 
 this is a veri thick soup . serv with grate chees to be sprinkl on each serv . serv 8 . 
 season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper. serv these saute pepper with steak or other broil meat . 
 who was the blunder idiot who said that `` fine word butter no parsnip `` ? half the parsnip of societi are serv and render palat with no other sauc . 
 when the meat reach dg150 , remov it to a hot platter and surround it with mound of cook spinach. serv with mash potato and the follow caper sauc : caper sauc : melt 3 tablespoon of butter and blend in three tablespoon of flour . 
 put a few avocado slice in each soup plate befor fill with hot soup . serv 4 to 6 . 
 add 3 green pepper cut in strip and 1 cup of pit ripe olives. serv with garlic bread and a salad of avocado , orang and onion slice . 
 among the favorit soup are chicken corn soup with noodl ( `` plenti of stuff `` ) , rivel soup , and pretzel soup ( otherwis known as shdreis'l soup ) . the direct for this last one call for heat a bowl of milk for each person to be serv , ad a small lump of butter , and serv . 
 `` yes , miss beauchamp ? `` `` first of all , than , mr. kent would like cocktail serv in the live room again this even . `` 
 the whiski a go go , onc an import center for west coast rock and one of the few place on the strip to surviv this legal maneuv , tri sever solut , in seri . first , it continu serv liquor and put minor on bench in the balconi , but the young custom , who want to danc , went elsewher . then it stop serv liquor and rais it admiss price from two dollar to three ; the minor came back , but the attract liquor profit were lost . 
 add a littl sugar to give them a nice brown glaze. serv this pot au feu in the french manner in larg soup plate , give each person some broth , meat , veget and onion . 
 peel off the shell ( it come off easili ) , rins off the grit and with a sharp-point knife remov the black vein down the back. if you plan to serv the shrimp as appet to be eaten with the finger , leav on the tail . 
 bring to the tabl blazing. serv poach apricot ( see abov ) with ani of the suggest flavor , or serv plain over vanilla ice cream . 
 then break them into bowl , add a good dab of butter and let each person season his own to taste. or you can serv them english fashion in egg cup , the larg end up . 
 run under the broiler flame to melt the chees and brown lightly. celeriac hollandais : serv cook celeriac with hollandais sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 hastili you survey the piec get readi to extric the biggest for yourself. at that moment some smile grownup say sweet , `` rememb , you alway serv your guest first , and you give the biggest piec to them . 
 when the housewif buy it , all that remain for her to do is pop it back into the oven again for a few minut and , presto ! a steam hot turkey dinner is readi for the tabl . each tv dinner serv onli one person , of cours . 
 could she `` whip up `` someth for them ? mrs. crawshaw decid to serv her favorit dish , a sure-fir chicken recip hand down from her grandmother. the onli problem was that the recip she usual use serv eight , and tonight she would be feed eleven . 
 garnish each serv with a dollop of whip cream and 2 or 3 tini mint leav . serv 2 to 4 . 
 you will let the old shanti go to rot , the white peopl 's cloth turn to dust , and the calvari baptist church sink to the bottomless pit . you will spend your day forget you marri me and your night hunt the warm gin mike serv the ladi in the rear of the last chanc saloon . 
 brussel sprout have been malign by peopl who have onli encount them cook to a gray mush. cook them until just tender and serv them up still bright green . 
 you may thicken the sauc with a few tablespoon of tomato past , or , if you prefer , add small ball of butter and flour mix togeth ( see instruct under beurr mani , page 111 ) . just befor serv , add the chutney . 
 garnish with chop parsley and crumbl crisp bacon . serv 4 . 
 roast sheep , pigeon and fowl were pile on the dish to the height of a man , and , as in fatimid time , the tabl were adorn with fantast sculptur in sugar . singer and dancer entertain the guest , and wine was serv in plenti . 
 mix remain ingredi , ad mayonnais and season to tast . serv 8 to 10 . 
 and yet the servic on board was not what custom expect today on long flight . the qualiti of the meal and the way they were serv was quit modest , especi on the stage of the journey that began in moscow . 
 sybilla , cheer by the quick arriv of a load dinner plate , was success silenc for the next twenti minut . `` whi mr. montmor , `` jenni 's mother said as she serv him , `` you ve hurt your hand . `` 
 cook until hot through and mellow . add the dash of lemon juic just befor serv . 1 . 
 `` pray tell sir timothi that i am veri much oblig to him , and will join him direct ! `` pennymor bow , and said : `` sir timothi 's dinner will be serv immedi , miss . 
 and cold , clear borsch make a refresh summer cooler in tall glass tumbler , garnish with a sprig of dill , with a lemon slice perch on the rim . i even know one hostess who serv hot bouillon from her samovar ! 
 this can be one of the most enjoy time of the day for everyon , not just an annoy interrupt to a televis program . the mother , to whom dinnertim can come to be onli a burdensom chore of prepar , serv , and clean up afterward , should tri to relax as well and enjoy her food and famili . 
 melt 2 tablespoon of butter in a skillet and add 4 tablespoon of heavi cream. blend the chop spinach into this mixtur , season to tast with salt and pepper and serv . 
 garnish with almond , green appl or mint . serv 3 to 4 . 
 if desir , garnish with crisp butteri crouton . serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` but that 's thanksgiv . `` `` i believ dinner will be serv and there 's a staff parti for that even . 
 bake piragi may be frozen and reheat quit satisfactorili . yield : approxim 2 dozen larg roll one dish like to be serv at latvian holiday parti is galert , cold jelli pork . 
 with oliv : follow the first recip and 15 minut befor the meat is done add 1-1/2 cup of small spanish olives. garnish the shoulder with the oliv and serv the strain sauc , thicken or not , separ . 
 if desir , garnish with chop fresh parsley . serv 4 . 
 then cook the veget separately. serv mustard sauc for the meat and plenti of butter for the veget . 
 when done , remov from fire and add flavor . this sauc can be made quick just befor serv cake ; or , it can be made in advanc , remov from water and cover , then veri care reheat for serv . serv 8 or more . 
 season to tast with salt and pepper . serv 4 to 6 . 
 as a rule , boy and girl care more about win that they do about prizes. take into consider your home and your famili when you plan what to serv for refresh , where to serv , and how to serv . 
 abdul love parti . he was veri status-consci , and the dish he serv depend strict on the rank of the guest . 
 this should take about 15 minutes. discard the lettuc , season the pea with salt and pepper and serv pipe hot . 
 he was leav sometim the next day for america , after a long sojourn in africa . madam sine , wife of the french cartoonist in whose home we were shoot , serv tea at 4:00 a.m . 
 stir in 1/2 cup milk and heat until thorough warm , but do not boil . this should be serv immedi , so bread cube retain most of their crisp . 
 duck are easier to carv by cut them into halv or quarter with poultri shear ; they do not slice well. serv each person a half or quarter and with it , rice , wild rice or barley . 
 so they went off in anoth direct . differ nation disagre on how kutya should look , and how it should be serv . 
 jim gerrard cocktail ? texa liquor law prohibit the serv of mix drink except in privat club . 
 i belong to the profession club that 's onli two block away. they serv a veri good pot roast on monday . 
 pour into individu dishes. serv cold . 
 howev , it is so delic when made with veget stock that we recommend it . amount given serv 8 to 10 . 
 drain on a paper towel and place in a bake pan in a dg200 oven until the toast is ready. then serv with the toast.trim the crust from bread , allow at least two slice per person . 
 afterward , pictur were taken of the king and queen , the court , and the senior . after the coron , live music entertain was provid while refresh , consist of punch , cooki , mint , and nut , were serv to everyon . 
 garnish with crouton . serv 6 . 
 with herb and cream : just befor the mushroom are done , add 1 tablespoon of chop parsley , 1 tablespoon of chop chive ( or top of green onion ) and 1/4 cup of heavi cream. heat through , season to tast and serv on butter toast . 
 stir in the bread crumb and season to tast with salt and pepper. serv from the casserole. serv 4 to 6 . 
 sprinkl with parsley . serv 6 . 
 stir into the soup and continu stir until the egg are set . serv 6 to 8 . 
 remov the meat to a hot platter , add 1 cup of the marinad to the pan and bring it to a boil. serv this sauc with the roast , and with it also serv saute potato , butter turnip mix with saute mushroom , watercress and a good red wine . 
 arthur wise , a rand corp. expert , say princip ' turf fear are unfound ; he say they have too mani duti as it is. the checkoff : manag at lawson product inc. , des plain , ill. , will serv a cater lunch to 350 headquart employe on may 1 to express appreci of their effort throughout the year. . . . 
 so some of the big one are unexpect establish in some unlik place : in detroit , joe muer 's , a seafood place , and the london chop hous , special in continent cuisin . in milwauke , two german eateri , mader 's and karl ratzsch 's , and a hybrid , frenchi 's , serv steak and seafood . 
 but your big question there is : did the student want that of him ? would n't they have come to his hous , and no beer serv ? 
 at their best , they are ripe , age and have a sharp tang . they can be serv plain or spread on toast finger , or made into sandwich with raw onion slice . 
 remov from the oven and let cool. then serv . 
 cook bean accord to packag direct . when drain , put back into the pot in which they were cook with a good hunk of butter and sizzl briefli befor serv . serv 4 -- 6 . 
 line the broiler pan with foil and place it under the rack to catch the drippings. serv broil whole fish with parsley butter and lemon wedg . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of snip chive . serv 6 to 8 . 
 buse seem to come in onli two basic type wonder and terrible. the `` wonder `` have restroom , air condit , individu radio , and sometim airline-typ stewardess who serv you free snack and drink . 
 or sprinkl the broth generous with grate parmesan. serv fish separately. serv 4 to 6 . 
 then put them in the broiler to brown to a crisp on both sides. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with saute potato . 
 top with the grate chees , sprinkl with the bacon bit and cover tight for a minut to let the chees melt . a rich clam sauc may be serv over spaghetti , noodl or rice . 
 lutfisk is white fish that has been soak in lye sever week , then boil . it is serv with melt butter or white sauc . 
 suggest accompani : saute potato or lyonnais potato , slice tomato and raw onion dress with oil and vinegar and season with a dash of oregano . note : leftov steak is delici serv in thin slice on toast . 
 add a littl cognac , kirsch or grand marnier and let them stand to mellow. when you are readi to serv , cover the berri with a thick layer of whip cream . 
 `` a poor man 's wife , `` rebecca repli gaili , `` must make herself use , you know `` : on which her brother-in-law vow that `` she was fit to be the wife of an emperor , and that to be skil in domest duti was sure one of the most charm of woman 's qualiti . `` and sir pitt thought , with someth like mortif , of ladi jane at home , and of a certain pie which she had insist upon make , and serv to him at dinner a most abomin pie . 
 form the corn beef hash into patti and fri in butter or bacon fat until cook through and brown on both sides. serv with hash brown potato and scrambl egg . 
 a littl too plump , she and her husband were solid citizen . the english she use was dread , and she cook green bean in bacon greas and salt instead of serv them in sour cream sauc . 
 variat : broil the bone under a low flame until crispi and brown. serv with sauc diabl . 
 you will find enough varieti to arrang a larg and hearti spread for a big cocktail parti . if you are serv hor d'oeuvr to be follow by dinner , keep your dinner menu in mind when you plan the hor d'oeuvr . if you are have a rich , heavi dinner , do n't serv a rich , fill appet . 
 it tast of celeri and goe well in mix veget and as flavor in soup , stew and chowder . lovag root and leaf stalk may be cook and serv cold as a salad with oil and vinegar dress . 
 in a dalla restaur , an impati waiter roll his eye at me when i ask that butter be kept off my fish. he also insist that the broccoli had to be serv with butter becaus it was alreadi prepar that way . 
 garnish : you may add ani garnish you choos to the chicken as you arrang it in the mold : oliv , slice hard-cook egg , strip of pimiento , green pepper ring , cook veget ( string bean , carrot round , can whole mushroom ) , slice onion or radishes. serv from the mold or turn out on a bed of green and pass a bowl of well-season mayonnais . 
 again in that heaven on wheel the tabl was set . dinner was serv . 
 they should be well brown and crisp. serv with mash potato and sauerkraut . 
 the candi must be eaten and the money spent befor that day is end to honor the memori of the parent . usual , also , a nine-cours chines banquet will be serv to all the mourner when the funer is over . 
 add tomato and allow them to cook down with the veget until the mixtur is thick and well blended. serv hot , or chill , with addit oil and lemon juic . 
 dress with plenti of butter , some fresh crush garlic and a hand of chop parsley. with the roast lamb and bean serv plain watercress of crisp celeri and a chill bottl of rose wine . 
 the firm 's presid promis his cooper and i got an assign from the magazin supplement of the former new york herald tribune. the articl was featur on the front cover , with the titl , `` 2,848 way to serv ham . '' 
 this deserv further investig . he invit the two young men to his cabin where sangh serv tea . 
 slowli add a littl of the hot soup to egg mixtur , beat constantly. gradual return to soup in kettl , and serv at onc . 
 sprinkl the top with 2 tablespoon sliver blanch almonds. return to refriger until readi to serv but not for too long. prepar just befor dinner is to be serv . 
 the onli name the chef could give was `` chop suey , `` which in cantones mean `` odd and end . `` soon , they tell us , all the chines restaur serv chop suey for the american . 
 cook over low heat for 10 minutes. serv with a dollop of whip cream , if desired. 32serv 6 to 8 . 
 arrang on a serv plate and garnish with lemon wedges. serv with toast strip . 
 garnish with the custard shape and sprinkl with grate orang peel . serv 4 to 6 . 
 garnish with chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 roast a loin of pork as abov and let it cool to room temperatur without chilling. serv cut in thin slice with mustard mayonnais ( page 111 , v4 ) , french potato salad and glaze appl ring . 
 for the lenten meal onli veget fat is allow . those who are not fast will enjoy it when made with bacon or pork and serv with sour cream . 
 inde , who is there that walk london street but can point out a half-dozen of men ride by him splendid , while he is on foot ; court by fashion , bow into their carriag by tradesmen , deni themselv noth , and live on who know what ? we see jack thriftless pranc in the park or dart in his brougham , down pall mall : we eat his dinner serv on his miracul plate . 
 sometim it is wise to feed the littl one earli and let them join the famili at the tabl just for dessert . serv the first cours in the live room is one way to vari daili routin , and realli is n't ani more troubl . 
 grandfath had stop his pace now , and stood squar in front of grandmoth 's chair. `` agn , go and tell them girl to serv up the dinner now . 
 crack the claw so that meat may be easili extract , and break the bodi into halv or quarters. arrang the crack crab on a bed of ice and serv with lemon wedg and mayonnais for dip . 
 `` did you like it , pilar ? `` he ask final with his mouth full of roast young goat . we were eat at the inn from where the buss leav and the room was crowd and peopl were sing and there was difficulti serv . `` 
 releas the spring-form catch and remov the ring. place the cheesecak on a larg cake plate and serv with a knife and pie server . 
 keep it cold. when readi to serv , heap it in a glass bowl rest on a bed of ice. serv simpli with toast finger or thin slice of dark bread light butter and cut into finger . 
 `` florabel muir in new york daili news the fierc competit between london newspap is illustr by the cabl sent from the daili express to it congo correspond dure the upris : `` today 's daili mail report their correspond shot at yesterday stop whi you not shot at ? `` richard west , the white tribe of africa ( macmillan ) social note from the san diego union : `` the cake was serv by miss rebecca schwinn . 
 the thanksgiv turkey was a special treat becaus it was avail onli dure it season , and the christma orang was onc an expens rarity. today , with flourish turkey farm and quick-freez a housewif can serv turkey whenev she like , and orang are pile high in everi supermarket and appear in some form at mani tabl regular . 
 season with salt and pepper , and add parsley and a pinch of thyme . serv 6 . 
 it was almost a ritual , as i think of it now . coffe was alway serv in the best room in the hous and the good coffe cup were use . 
 fill with hot soup and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 a scandinavian smorgasbord offer one of the easiest way to entertain deliciously. guest serv themselv , as at ani buffet arrang . 
 it will keep satisfactorili for a month or more refriger , but gain noth with age . it can be serv immedi after cook , or reheat in the same manner as the forego pud . 
 some reindeer were over a foot long . even doughnut , seldom if ever serv at ani other time of year , were cut in elabor design . 
 this will take 35 to 40 minutes. serv plain roast squab or broil squab cold for an eleg picnic . 
 this is a thick soup , but add more hot water dure cook , if necessary. tast for season , add parsley and serve. serv 4 . 
 the cellar door offer the best in smoke cookeri amid a red plush victorian-western atmosphere. if bar-b-qu is your bag , you wo n't find better than they serv at the cellar door . 
 general loewenhielm , who was to domin the convers of the dinner tabl , relat how the dean 's collect of sermon was a favorit book of the queen 's . but as a new dish was serv he was silenc . 
 it wilt if it stand too long. just befor readi to serv , break the green into bite-s piec and put them in a salad bowl . 
 this make 8 to 10 slice of eleg dessert. a cold winter even is just the time to serv a rich homemad gingerbread , steam hot and heap with whip cream ! 
 pour over the steak . suggest accompani : this is especi good serv with butter spaetzl ( page 275 ) . 
 remov bay leaf and bones. cut the meat into small piec and serv in the soup. serv 6 to 8 . 
 great favorit are : dutch edam is the round red chees from holland. to serv : cut a slice from the top and dig the chees out with a chees knife. all chees eaten plain should be serv at room temperatur . 
 i thought it was stupid for us to have drawer and a closet in the room but not be allow ani cloth . after dress we were march to the cafeteria , where we were serv powder milk and egg for breakfast . 
 stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper . serv 2 to 4 . 
 from it extend narrow strip of carrot , like ray of the sun. `` sunlight orang juic to drink , `` remark mother . for dessert jim serv heaven star-shap cooki , which he had bake , and veri earth ice cream . 
 add crouton last and mix lightly. serv immedi . 
 refrigerate. break into bite-s piec to serv . 
 make 12 cups. serv this meal in buffet fashion , the stew in a big bowl or a tureen , togeth with the pilot biscuit on their plate and the soup plate . 
 chill sever hour or overnight in refriger . serv 6 . 
 with corn pork or tongu : cook the corn beef with corn pork or corn tongue. cook the veget separ and serv as abov . 
 fill the center with ani seafood salad ( page 111 ) , use 1/3 to 1/2 cup per artichoke. press back into shape and serv with addit mayonnais . 
 fri to deep brown on each side. serv hot with chosen garnish . 
 remov chicken from oven to the heat serv platter. garnish with crisp bacon strip , and serv with heat cream sauc . 
 the maccabean latk would have been quit differ from those made from the follow recip becaus potato were not introduc to palestin until after the discoveri of america . latk are serv with a varieti of garnish applesauc , dried-apricot pure , or powder sugar , with cream chees or sour cream . 
 in it short life , sunris took a fast track , spurn tradit residenti mortgag lend in favor of riski commerci real estat loans. the thrift gather deposit primarili from florida retire , who were drawn to it high interest rate and person servic , which includ serv bagel and coffe . 
 `` they re on an ego trip. what realli bother me ( dure a visit ) was that they had a brigadi general serv me a cup of coffe , '' complain georg kachajian , a new jersey businessman whose effort to sell to eastern bloc countri has been tangl in red tape for near three year . 
 add potato and simmer for 30 minut more , or until tender. cut the meat in small piec and serv in the soup. serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` she join the other in put away the thing that were in the pile . `` refresh are serv in the witch ' den , `` she call as she led the group into the dine room . 
 with onion : add a grate onion to the butter befor you put it on the spinach. serv garnish with slice hard-cook egg and 1 teaspoon of dri tarragon , or 1 tablespoon of fresh tarragon. dress the spinach with this herb butter , salt and fresh ground black pepper , and serv it with lemon quarters. chop : chop the spinach coars befor season and serv cream 1 : chop the spinach coars . 
 `` kind o ' give up on the mess hous , too . time was that she insist that we have a lot o ' salad on littl plate , and de-sert serv in side dish , an ' clean tablecloth and napkin evri meal . 
 eat the artichok is fair complic . becaus it demand the eater 's undivid attent , it is usual serv as a separ cours either as a first cours or immedi follow the meat . if serv with the meat , it should be serv on a separ plate , larg enough to hold all the discard leav . 
 `` when the pest had lunch laid out on the desk , the kid were awestruck . there were ten pizza , one of each type that antonio 's serv . 
 it was a set for high tea , but no one would notic if a man put his feet up on a tabl . it was a like place for a crap game , but no one would be surpris if a uniform butler serv champagn and plover 's egg . 
 tast for seasoning. serv with a slice of fri bread in each soup plate , and sprinkl with grate cheese. serv 4 to 6 . 
 remov the meat to a hot platter and pour the juic over it. serv with tini new potato and tini french pea cook with onion and mix with bit of smoke ham and plenti of butter . 
 heat , but do not boil . serv 6 . 
 add the pure mixtur and heat . serv 4 to 6 . 
 remov the lamb to a hot platter and pour the juic over it. serv with steam rice , brais cabbag ( use the chines cabbag for this , if you can get it ) and tini white onion glaze . 
 garnish each portion with chop parsley or a thin slice of lemon . serv 6 . 
 his culinari skill are limit , howev . for a time , he was fond of serv tv dinner , until the protest grew too loud and he switch to spaghetti , which he serv without sauc or even butter . 
 rebottl , cover and stand in a cool place for a week. drain , chill and serv . 
 reduc the heat to dg400 for anoth 20 minut , and then turn it down to dg350 for a final 20 minut , or until the crust is nice brown and the appl cook through . appl pie is best serv warm . serv it with cream , whip cream or with a sharp chees . 
 `` i had to drink half of the glass . `` she also serv him a plate of soup . 
 spread reserv chocol mixtur over the top. chill until readi to serv . 
 if you have the parti outdoor , cook hot dog on a grill. serv food from a wagon mark `` chuck wagon . '' 
 by now he would have told ramon or his mother to knock it off . mrs. hunter serv appl pie and milk for dessert . 
 sprinkl light with salt and bake as for roast chicken , bast occasion with melt butter or melt butter and white wine mixed. serv with giblet sauc ( see page 111 ) . 
 onc , when just from colleg , and when horrock the butler brought him a letter without place it previous on a tray , he gave that domest a look , and administ to him a speech so cut , that horrock ever after trembl befor him : the whole household bow to him : ladi crawley 's curl-pap came off earlier when he was at home : sir pitt 's muddi gaiter disappear ; and if that incorrig old man still adher to other old habit , he never fuddl himself with rum-and-wat in his son 's presenc , and onli talk to his servant in a veri reserv and polit manner ; and those person remark that sir pitt never swore at ladi crawley while his son was in the room . it was he who taught the butler to say , `` my ladi is serv , `` and who insist on hand her ladyship in to dinner . 
 `` the administr back down and apolog . at four o'clock sunday afternoon , tea with rum was serv . 
 and now , mr. van weyden , `` he said to me when he had been reliev from the wheel , `` we must make these newcom welcome. serv out plenti of whiskey to the hunter and see that a few bottl slip for'ard . 
 there are cloud and sunshin ( freedom , power ) . a man is be serv by a stewardess . 
 steam as above. strain the broth and serv it with the clam . 
 kasha is buckwheat groat , a popular dish in eastern mediterranean countries. this recip will serv 4 person . 
 the administr had sound specif interest about make some chang in the hospit . sam drew chart ; he advanc idea for chang the serv of meal , the collect and handl of laundri . 
 use a pancak turner , fold the hash over and roll it out on a hot platter , crusti side up. serv with poach or fri egg . 
 sprinkl with parsley , chive or paprika . serv 4 to 6 . 
 in sweden , food play a big part at funer . invit are sent out and a dinner is usual serv at a hotel . after the gravesid servic , relat and friend follow the sorrow famili home and coffe and elabor refresh are serv . 
 they should be rare in the center. spear each one with a toothpick and serv pipe hot with a good mustard . 
 drain thorough , season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and dress with melt butter. with hollandais : serv with hollandais sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . cream : serv with rich cream sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 mani a gustatori delight await the soup fancier in the recip of this section . this may be further enhanc by serv the ethnic soup with it common ethnic accompani . 
 `` the housekeep came in carri a tray that held a silver coffe servic and four cup and saucer . procan thank her and then nod at janet whistler who pour and serv the coffe . 
 with crumb : for each serv , toss 1 tablespoon of dri bread crumb in a saucepan with 1 tablespoon of butter . pour the brown butter crumb over the tip of the asparagus just befor serv . 
 brush with oil or butter and grill over charcoal or in the broiler for sever minutes. season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and serv with steak or hamburg . 
 gradual add water and cook on top of the rang , stir constant , until thicken and smooth. serv in a gravi boat. serv 4 . 
 stir well to blend with the pan juic and heat through , but do not let it boil or it will curdle. pour this sauc over the chop and serv with mash potato and fri appl ring . 
 chill the soup for 24 hour . befor serv add 1/3 cup of heavi cream or sour cream for each cup of soup . serv ici cold in chill cup and top with chop chive . 
 run under the broiler flame for a few minut until brown and bubbly. add cook shrimp to the regular curri sauc on page 111 , v4 and serv with rice and chutney . 
 dure `` exam hell , '' the year lead up to the final test , komaba 's senior drop out of sport and other extracurricular activities. their mother relentless pressur them to studi harder , often serv them dinner at home at their desk . 
 `` tension , `` georg declar . `` you re not use to this kind of fli no pressur cabin , no reclin seat , no pretti stewardess serv martini . 
 place them in a cover dish or wrap them in foil and keep them in the oven set on `` warm. `` place the fri hamburg on the roll when it is time to serv refresh . 
 press a button and we take off . press anoth button and dinner is serv . 
 garnish with thin lemon slice . serv 4 to 6 . 
 in her scrip , she had some bread left from yesterday 's lunch . breakfast was clear not go to be serv on the train . 
 without a word he place a cup and saucer and pour tea . in a few minut he serv fresh egg , bacon , and soft roll . 
 buy these in a packag . heat well befor serv in a 425 degre oven for about 8 -- 10 minut . 
 third : add 1 cup chicken broth ( page 11 ) , stir it into the pan , cover , and simmer for 1/2 hour . serv the chicken cover with it gravi on a heat serv platter . serv with boil rice ( page 111 ) . 
 a bottl of wine produc about six larg glass if fill three-quart full , as they should be . all tabl wine are suitabl for dinner parti , although some attent to the order of serv and the accompani food is desir . 
 this will take about 35 minutes. serv at onc or it will fall . 
 tear well in olivia 's eyes. she had worri all day about what she would serv for christma dinner . 
 place a pat of butter in each soup plate befor fill with soup , and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 to 8 . 
 to make fruit sauc : heat raspberri or strawberri juic and thicken with 1 tablespoon cornstarch per cup juic . chill befor serv . serv 6 . 
 top each with a twist of lemon peel . serv 8 . 
 altern stuf : use the stuf given under the recip for stuf veal shoulder ( see abov ) . cold breast of veal : stuf breast of veal chill and serv cold is a great treat on a hot summer day . 
 when done , scoop out the flesh , add 4 to 6 tablespoon of melt butter , salt and fresh ground black pepper to tast and beat until smooth. serv top with crumbl bacon bit . 
 make about 1 quart. variat : some peopl serv this soup hot , with a boil potato in each soup plate . 
 the languag he spoke was greek , but with a cretan accent , veri differ from cypriot . the barman who serv him show a flicker of surpris . 
 garnish with crouton and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 when thicken , add 2 tablespoon heavi cream. pour over kaldormar and serv . 
 sashimi , raw fish , is veri good onc you are use to the tast . anoth good-luck food serv at new year 's is kuromam , black bean and chestnut boil in a sweet sauc . 
 they are except tender and delic in flavor but scarc and expensive. one pound of either varieti will serv 2 person with big appetit and 3 with averag capac . 
 becaus of the blockad , food was scarc . onli two meal a day were serv aboard the patrick henri . 
 cover and simmer over low heat for about 1 hour . serv 4 to 6 . 
 sometim on day when no one was stay and there was n't much to do i 'd go there to fish me and sarah mcrorti , we 'd go together. do you rememb her the girl who use to help serv at the tabl ? 
 add 1 cup of pit ripe oliv dure the last half hour of cooking. serv with polenta ( page 111 , v2 ) . 
 season with salt and pepper. serv veri hot. garnish each serv with a lemon slice and a sprinkl of parsley . serv 6 . 
 it was late at night , and find all the restaur close they final stumbl on a chines restaur where onli chines ate . as they demand to be fed , the chines chef took whatev was left over , put it all togeth with a sauc , and serv it . 
 reheat to boil point , add rice and cook until tender. tast for season and serv pipe hot . 
 dust these with flour and cook in butter until brown on both sides. serv plain or with a sprinkl of chop parsley . 
 then guest tast and vote . one steak was pan-broil ; one was broil under a gas flame ; one was broil with electr ; and one was saute and serv up with a sauc . 
 file tend to thicken the stew , as doe okra . it must , in ani case , be ad at the veri end , just befor serv . 
 fresh eel are prepar in a similar way in latvia . serv 6-8 . 
 it might be said that the potato is the `` basic black dress `` of the veget famili . it can be serv plain or dress up for eleg . 
 the u.s. depart of agricultur introduc a polici that all school district must sign paper that they will give free or reduc price lunch to children in need . rim barber told me : `` mani school sign , but serv no lunch . 
 i veri glad cook dinner sinc she came home an hour later than i. i pride myself for an artist flair for think up unusu menus and cook them rather rapid . i am not sure now whether the limit of one dollar , self-impos as it was , was for the entir dinner or per head , especi sinc i often serv some wine with it . 
 the rich butteri qualiti add to their tastiness. serv them on crisp piec of toast with the cream and butter pour over the top . 
 garnish with chop fresh parsley or a slice of lemon . serv 6 . 
 your father had influenc , got a crime hush up a long time befor , not for himself , but for one of his friends. one of his friend shot a girl becaus she would n't serv him anoth drink , shot and miss . 
 remov the roll to a hot platter , pour the sauc from the pan over them and top with chop parsley. serv this with macaroni dress with butter , chees and chop saute mushroom ; and a salad of romain and crumbl hard-cook egg , with a lemon juic and oliv oil dress . 
 garnish with slice fresh mushroom , cook asparagus tip , or a sprinkl of chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 with beer : omit the appl and substitut beer for the wine in the casserole. serv this casserol with horseradish mix with appl sauc . 
 `` oh , but do send mrs. hopkin to me at onc ! `` she said , ad to georgina , as anson left the room , `` i have the most lower presenti that ice and wafer-biscuit are not at all the thing to be serv tonight , as the weather has turn so cool and damp . `` georgina , forese a monologu on the defici of the dinner and the refresh to be serv later that would endur until mrs. hopkin made her appear , hurri interpos , `` cousin bella ! 
 for the first six month you wonder how the devil you got here , and for the second six month you wonder how the devil the rest of ' em got here ! `` the newlyw were live on a veri tight budget , and the young bride had figur out everi possibl differ way to serv a hamburg . 
 some group have import from other countri use of alcohol that can be class as dietari , as explain earlier . for these peopl the holiday feast would not live up to expect if wine were n't serv . 
 keep warm. when they are complet stack , dress with hot chocol sauc and serv in wedg with whip cream , sweeten to tast and spike with cognac . 
 garnish with chop pistachio nuts. serv with whip cream . 
 bake in a moder oven ( dg350 ) for 30 minutes. serv warm top with vanilla sauc . 
 add the hot rice crust to boil broth . garnish each serv with 2 shrimp , a few mushroom slice and a sprinkl of chop scallion . serv at once. serv 6 . 
 garnish with chop fresh parsley . serv 6 . 
 heat over a veri low flame for 1 hour. serv on hot pasta and sprinkl with plenti of grate parmesan or romano chees . 
 prepar cube of fresh pineappl as you do melon ball . within the memori of old timer ( includ me ) , bread-mak was routin in everi household , and no proper wife thought of serv bakery-mad product . 
 mani peopl insist that flank steak must be cook by a long slow process . this well-known dish call for broil flank steak and is delici if proper serv . 
 chill . help hint : leav the avocado pit in the guacamol until serv time to prevent the mixtur from turn dark . 
 stir in 1/4 cup soup , then return mixtur to balanc of soup. serv with grate parmesan chees to sprinkl on top. serv 4 to 6 . 
 remov from the oven and sprinkl with cinnamon. serv cold with heavi cream or whip cream . 
 season to tast with salt and pepper. serv these broil kidney slice with a good english mustard , some crisp watercress and french-fri potato . 
 when they are brown , turn , butter the other side of each slice and return to the broiler to finish cooking. serv as you would saute eggplant . 
 as they sat and swelter , the motorist could look up and see the early-ris moon three quarter full in the sky. in common with uncount thousand of other housew in the vast metropolitan area maggi mcguir was make ice tea to serv with the dinner she had prepar . 
 reserv pour in. jean-michel lorain , whose la cote saint jacqu in nearbi joigni got elev last year , say he sudden serv between 25 % and 30 % more `` langoustin roti a la vinaigrett '' and other specialti , and is swamp with offer to market his jam , tabl linen and other sidelin . 
 the cockaleeki recip come from scotland and is also popular in wale , where the leek is held in such high nation esteem that it has becom the countri 's floral emblem . no less rever is the swedish pea soup , arter med flask , a nation dish serv in most swedish home everi thursday for hundr of year . 
 drain well. serv with the meat sauc pour over , the parsley sprinkl on and plenti of grate parmesan in a separ dish to sprinkl on top. serv 6 . 
 select ripe , juici pear , peel them and cut into veri thin slices. sugar light and serv with plenti of heavi cream . 
 reduc heat , cover and simmer until meat and veget are tender about 30 minutes. to serv , top with spoon of sour cream and sprinkl with dill. serv 8 . 
 fifth : garnish with 3 hard-boil egg , cut into quarter , arrang them between the sausages. sprinkl with paprika and serv hot in the bake dish with your favorit mustard . 
 drop into boil salt water or soup stock and poach. serv with hot consomm . 
 for 4 person , buy 1 to 1-1/2 pounds. an eleg way to serv fresh cherri is to heap them whole , with stem intact , in individu glass dishes. serv small bowl of ice water with the cherri so each person can dip the fruit as he eat it . 
 simmer for anoth 2 or 3 minut . serv 4 to 6 . 
 cool to room temperatur , then chill in the refrigerator. serv with sweet or sour cream . 
 bowl of hot soup are alway welcome. serv hot appl pie for dessert . 
 rins the pan with 1/3 cup of dri vermouth or white wine and pour over the hamburg . the tradit hamburg is a 4-ounc cake broil or pan-broil to the requir state of done and serv on a heat , toast , butter bun . 
 let it cool and then place it in the refriger to jelly. when you are readi to serv , unmold the jelli meat onto a platter and garnish it with pickl , slice hard-cook egg , oliv and parsley . 
 cool and then chill in the refrigerator. when readi to serv , gentl push asid the center leav and remov the undevelop leav at the heart . 
 for bast : apricot brandi , about 3/4 cup . for serv : green grape if avail , red otherwis . 
 add parsley , butter and season and simmer for anoth 10 minut . serv 6 . 
 come see them . we will be serv the even lunch on them dure our april bake sale and fun night . 
 if you like it softer , cook it to the stage of done you prefer. serv in ani of the way suggest for noodl . 
 add the vinegar and garnish with crouton or chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 everi day , around 175 of them seek companionship at henri street 's senior-citizen center , in the basement of a nearbi hous project. at midday , the center serv a 60-cent hot lunch . 
 season with salt and pepper and top with crouton . serv 8 to 10 . 
 there were solo sung and music play and poem read which had been written just for us and telegram from love one in sweden and from friend all over america were read aloud . after the program was finish , there was a receiv line and then refresh were serv . 
 old sherri and madeira are more easili obtain than a twenty- or thirty-year-old sautern or barsac . like all rule connect with wine-drink , the rule govern the order of serv wine are noth more than common sens and are variabl accord to person tast . 
 with 9,800 mcdonald 's -- 7,500 of them in the u.s. -- alreadi dispens burger in 46 countri , his discipl continu to open new restaur at a rate of one everi 17 hour ; less than 0.5 % of the new unit fail. mcdonald 's dispens near one out of everi three hamburg serv in u.s. restaur and more than one-fourth of the french fri . 
 she was place at the grand exclus tabl with his royal high the exalt personag befor mention , and the rest of the great guest . she was serv on gold plate . 
 return to the broiler to brown the crumbs. serv with sauc diabl or with english mustard and crisp bacon strip . 
 brush with the jelli until thorough covered. chill and serv with a plain mayonnais to which you have ad chop fresh dill to tast ; or serv with green mayonnais ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 
 so much of the cook i learn from my own mother , known to mani of you as mama. much of it is from my own kitchen food i have toy with , improv the flavor and make them more excit to serv . 
 slip under the broiler for a moment to brown the cream light . serv 6 . 
 fig are quit sweet. serv with heavi cream . 
 `` no , i wo n't forget , je ne demand pas mieux . `` tea was serv under the big lime-tre in front of the hous . 
 now and then amanda was awar of mrs. wickensdorf 's eye on her in a specul way ; now and then she saw them fix on allan in a puzzl way , as though somewher she had made a miscalcul . it was a relief to them all when mrs. oliv appear in the doorway to say , in a soft and almost frighten voic , `` luncheon is serv . `` 
 most peopl go to a parti , but the club took the parti to the guest this time . they serv delici refresh , and had gift for all . 
 stir the mixtur into the soup and remov from heat. serv hot or cold , sprinkl with chop chervil. serv 6 . 
 all vital element for grow mind and bodi ... help your child grow bigger and stronger. serv wonder bread . 
 garnish with snip dill . serv 4 . 
 allow 1 quart of shuck clam for 4 persons. if you are steam clam , 1 quart of clam in the shell will serv onli one true clam lover , but will be enough for two with less enthusiasm . 
 if you like your noodl softer , cook for 10 minutes. drain thorough and serv dress with plenti of butter , salt and fresh ground black pepper. you can also use ani of the sauc list for spaghetti ( page 332-337 ) or serv ani of the follow way : chees noodl : drain the noodl thorough and return them to the pan . 
 brush the split kidney with melt butter or oliv oil and broil veri quick under a hot flame until brown on the outsid but still rare in the center. season to tast with salt and pepper and serv with crisp bacon slice . 
 drain well , season to tast with salt and fresh ground black pepper and pour melt butter over. cream : serv the cook celeri cover with a rich cream sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . hollandais : serv cook celeri with a hollandais sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 eat togeth can combin all the `` someth `` basic to success get-togeth . the plan , prepar , and serv of food , as well as the eat of it , provid someth to do , to watch , to talk about , to laugh over , and to help with . 
 if desir , float 1 tablespoon rouill in the middl of each soup plate . serv 6 to 8 . 
 lobster salad see basic seafood salad , page 111 , v4 . this is a famous , classic seafood dish serv in pari and in outstand french restaur in new york . 
 add honey or sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , clove , allspic , salt and lemon juic . just befor serv , stir in the cream and milk and heat . 
 this will onli take a few minutes. serv with rice and saute or broil eggplant . 
 in some area , especi in charleston , south carolina , pea are combin with rice to make hop john , a dish quit similar to jamaican and puerto rican stapl . hot pepper sauc is serv with it , and often boil okra and bake yam . 
 bay scallop will be done in a minut or two ; sea scallop take a littl longer. season to tast at the last and serv with a dust of chop parsley and a garnish of lemon wedg . 
 repeat this everi 10 minut dure the next 1/2 hour of cook , or until the duck skin has a fine glaze. serv this curri glaze duck with rice and chutney and thin slice banana dress with a sharp french oil-and-vinegar dress . 
 ham from denmark , butter from new zealand , spice from the island of the caribbean and from asia , tea from ceylon , coffe from brazil , and oliv from the middl east are commonplace. process food , readi to heat and serv , repres million of unseen worker who have rais , harvest , prepar , and packag product hitherto unknown in the home or elsewher . 
 whether you use a tablecloth or mat depend on what you have avail . if there is a first cours in the meal you re serv , it may be readi at each place when the particip appear at the tabl . 
 he take in onli nine guest at a time , special in prussian aristocrat . meal are formal , serv by waiter in white glove . 
 later that year , his open hot roast-beef sandwich creat a scandal with it frank . 1783 : to celebr his sixty-fifth birthday , he invent the hamburg and tour the great capit of the world person , make burger at concert hall befor larg and appreci audienc . in germani , goeth suggest serv them on bun an idea that delight the earl , and of the author of faust he say , `` this goeth , he is some fellow . `` 
 orang : add 4 cup orang juic , 1/4 cup sugar , and a dash of salt to milk , plus 1 cup of crush ice . serv 6 . 
 you may find these other soupmak utensil among your regular cook equip : the queen virtu of a well-mad soup are entitl to a commensur high standard of service. a first command in this respect is : serv a hot soup pipe hot . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of popcorn or a dollop of whip cream . serv 4 to 6 . 
 bake a ham prefer a fine country-cur and age ham in ani of the way suggest on page 111-111 , v3. make thin cornbread ( see quick bread , page 11 ) and serv the ham in thin slice on well-butt piec of the bread . 
 it can be a side dish with hamburg , or it can be offer as the main cours at a summer buffet dinner . no matter when it is serv , or what the ingredi , a salad should alway have a slight tart tast and alway be zest . 
 sprinkl with snip chive . serv 4 to 6 . 
 it must have caus their chief to decid on reveng ... `` the door open and sangh came in balanc his tray as rapid roll in the long swell . he swift serv mr. bayn with toast biscuit , jam , a cup of tea ; tea for sir thoma and mereweth . 
 garnish with garlic crouton or dollop of salt whip cream . serv 4 to 6 . 
 if the potato seem too stiff , add a littl extra cream. reheat over hot water and serv with an extra lump of butter on top . 
 when the pictur are complet , they form a veri interest mural and becom a topic of convers for all . the type of food and where it will be serv will depend upon the number of guest , how long they will stay , and how larg the host home is . 
 empanadita freez veri satisfactorily. reheat to serv . 
 i find the best are place on top , and underneath they may be green or moldy. one quart will serv 4 person . 
 sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 she put on the white outfit in which she had arriv with a shirt of mine underneath and took the head of the tabl . i would not even have her hang around in the provinci manner and serv the men while they ate . 
 this type of souffl is far lighter and more delic than cream base souffl , and it fall easili . it must be serv quick . 
 put the hot dunk sauc over an alcohol flame or electr plate. serv hot stuf biscuit fold in a napkin . 
 like the peach , it must be realli ripe to be sweet and juicy. eat it plain , or peel it and serv it with cream or in combin with other fruit . 
 with mapl sugar : use mapl sugar , or omit sugar and bast with mapl syrup. with sherri : bast the appl with a littl dri sherri wine dure the bake and serv with a custard sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) flavor with sherri wine . 
 smoke eel : cut thin fillet from this meati fish and arrang on a platter or on toast fingers. serv with lemon slice or wedg . 
 sprinkl with chop fresh parsley , if desir . serv 4 to 6 . 
 she was robe in white , they said , and around her head there shone a circl of fire or light . so it had onc happen with their former nordic goddess freya , who onc visit on the longest night of the year and serv the swede mead from a golden horn , in promis of a bounti harvest . 
 with loin chop : substitut 4 thick loin pork chop for the steak. serv with bake sweet potato . 
 or make your own . this recip serv 4 person . 
 add salt and pepper. serv hot , sprinkl with grate romano cheese. serv 4 to 6 . 
 polish-american mix cream with the poppi seed befor combin with honey . serv 8 or more . 
 here are some of the green you might like to tri for varieti , textur , and flavor : iceberg , boston , or bibb ( limeston ) lettuc , romain , chickori , escarol , endiv belgian or domest spinach , water cress , or dandelion greens. if you live where there is a scandinavian food shop , you can have a grand time look over the great varieti of chees to be had and decid which you will serv . 
 by noon they were as hungri as wolv . meat or fish was serv at noonday dinner , but tea was a tasteless drink the boy call `` beer . `` 
 add slice cook potato that have marin in oil and vinegar , slice tomato , quarter hard-cook egg and slice of cold boil beef. serv with a pitcher of french dress , a bowl of mayonnais , slice pickl and horseradish on the side . 
 in front of each guest was a plate of small sandwich , each wrap in wax paper . mrs. clark also serv carrot strip , milk , gelatin dessert , and cooki cut in the shape of toy . 
 veri earli on the morn of decemb 25 , general hugh mercer went to the ferri hous and discuss plan with those offic who were alreadi there . this was probabl immedi after sunris , or about seven o'clock in current eastern standard time , and mckonkey was alreadi serv hot rum and milk . 
 then return the lobster to the kettl to cook in the sauc , cover tight and simmer for 20 minutes. serv over rice . 
 this salad tast so good and was so differ that i ask for the recip , which was sent to me after i had return home . the beauti of this salad is that it can be serv either cold or hot , make it just perfect for either a warm or a cool june day . to serv hot increas sour cream to 1/2 cup , and bake at dg350 for 20 minut . 
 from the garden come the sound of water trickl over a grace stone fountain and into a goldfish pool. mrs. furton , billow about in a hand-embroid turquois muumuu , serv browni and coffe , and ask a visitor to guess what she paid for the big basket of chrysanthemum and gladiola on her coffe tabl : $ 6 . 
 make a rich custard sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) and flavor it with cognac or grand marnier. serv over blueberri . 
 the food at supper was plenti and good . with it was serv a delici light beer instead of the horribl `` swipe `` the boy had endur at stonyhurst . 
 return the meat cube to the pan to reheat. serv with rice , noodl or mash potato . 
 the flavor improv if the casserol is made sever day ahead of time . boil potato which accompani it can be peel sometim the day it is to be serv and put in water , then cook just befor serv . 
 sweeten with 2 tablespoon sugar and flavor with 2 teaspoon vanilla extract. when readi to serv , spread the whip cream on top of the pie . 
 melt butter or beef drip in a skillet and cook the beef slice until the crumb are crusti and brown and the meat is hot through. serv with sauc diabl ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 let cool complet . befor serv top with color ( option ) whip cream . 
 he almost hurri to greet them. `` madam has ask that i serv an aperitif in the salon to signor spezzi and madam tibbett , `` he said . 
 remov cover and continu simmer until the soup is thick , stir often. serv with hot , fluffi boil rice to spoon into the gumbo. serv 6 . 
 garnish with chop dill or parsley . serv 4 . 
 float a littl cream atop each serv and sprinkl with a few grate of nutmeg . serv 6 . 
 fold the napkin over the corn to hold in the heat. serv with individu dish of salt , pepper grinder and plenti of sweet butter . 
 return the liver to the sauc and reheat it for a minute. serv with rice and a casserol of tomato and eggplant bake in the oven . 
 at their embassi parti there was never an afghan baccha in sight . food and drink were serv by the russian wive instead . 
 they march around the corner to the dim , cool public room . the old white-hair portugues serv the london gin and lemon . 
 place all ingredi in saucepan and simmer 15 minutes. remov cinnamon and serv hot or cold . 
 cover the pan and bake in a dg350 oven for 2 or 3 hour or until the meat is tender and the flavor are well blend and mellowed. serv with plain boil potato or butter noodl . 
 just then she kick the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drink in tall glass of plastic silver with foliag on top . beer was never serv with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledg . 
 i had work in one hospit befor come here. we have about seventi thousand meal to serv a month , and we cater as well for all sort of meet , parti and benefit held here at the hospit . '' 
 cook them accord to direct abov , place them on hot plate and season to tast with salt , pepper and butter. serv with bearnais sauc , sauc diabl or bordelais sauc . 
 add the oliv and heat them through. serv this sauc with the duck , and accompani it with small new potato cook in their jacket and tini green pea . 
 split roll and toast them on the grill. butter them and serv a frankfurt in each. serv 8 ( if you re also have hamburg ) . 
 most of these student sleep in the dormitori which is a part of the same building. furthermor , plan are current be develop to serv the three meal per day in this build , start in the fall of 1969 . 
 her life was grind , grind , grind and sift , sift , sift. '' socrat alexand , cater director at the plaza hotel in new york , recent serv luncheon to the nation layman 's bibl committe use `` good book cookbook '' cuisin . 
 arrang the cook scallop on a hot platter and garnish with lemon quarter and chop parsley. serv with potato hash in cream , butter turnip and a green salad . 
 beat for 2 minut with rotari beater. serv hot , top with a sprinkl of chop parsley and load of oyster crackers. serv 2 to 4 . 
 stir in the cream and chill . serv 4 to 6 . 
 if you wish you can give this dish a more festiv touch by ad a packag of cook frozen green pea just befor you dish up the stew and top it with a liber sprinkl of italian parsley. with veal saut serv spaetzl . 
 `` light my fire `` was come through the loudspeak around the pool at the upper deck , one of montego bay 's most luxuri resort hotel . the man from michigan , buoy by the free rum punch that had been serv between 5:00 and 7:00 , was well into his monologu . 
 everyth reek of gasolin . all day long the men breath gasolin ; the air that the ventil circul below deck was charg with gasolin ; at mid-day the men were serv gasoline-flavour sandwich and the water they drank tast of gasolin . 
 then cook over low heat for about 30 minutes. serv with yoghurt or sour cream as a topping.serv 6 to 8 . 
 pour into a greas loaf pan and bake in a 350 degre oven for 1 hour. slice to serve. serv four . 
 brush the top crust with beaten egg yolk and bake accord to direct for appl pie , page 111. serv hot or cold . 
 for all those million , you might expect gondolas. but general mill has lavish it time and money on creat an ambianc and cuisin that are sort of italian -- the restaur do serv spaghetti -- but not so italian as to put off the american mass market . 
 it would make just as much sens to combin turnip and asparagus. serv them separ . 
 cook gentl for 15 minutes. serv over hot spaghetti , noodl or ani pasta and pass grate parmesan chees or romano cheese. 1. do not strain the sauc but serv it with the bit of meat and veget in it . 
 dure the last hour , bast with apricot brandi . fifteen minut befor serv , add grape and bast them along with the goos . serv with white rice cook by favorit recipe. serv 8 . 
 place the bread on a cooki sheet and put into a 375 degre oven for 10 minutes. serv with plenti of butter avail . 
 when custard has cool to room temperatur , place it in the refriger to chill befor eat . when serv , spoon right out of casserol , prefer into individu bowl . 
 simmer veri gentl for a few minut until all the ingredi are well blended. add a dash of lemon juic and serv . 
 garnish with raw onion ring or paper thin slice of bermuda or red italian onion , slice hard-cook egg and capers. serv mayonnais separ . 
 a popular cordial call lovag was made from the herb in combin with other herb . it was serv at inn for it benefici effect and sooth qualiti dure intestin upset . 
 dribbl a tablespoon of honey over each half. refriger until readi to serve. although one ordinarili serv fruit first at breakfast , it often provid dessert at lunch and sinc this meal is a combin of the two one may choos when to serv it . 
 or put a meat thermomet in the thickest part of the roast ( do not let it touch a bone ) and roast until the thermomet regist dg165. serv this special dish with glaze onion and bake potato dress with sour cream , crumbl bacon and chop parsley . 
 `` you can turn the other way , `` i suggested. you ought to see what they serv in these place . 
 no , his ear twitch , but onli when i offer him a french-fri potato doe he rise to his stumpi leg . the fourteen-year-old girl who has been serv me stand in the doorway of the restaur to watch anoth helicopt bring down the dead and wound from the slope of the syrian mountain to the hospit here in safe . 
 this is a good basi for mani cream soup and sauces. to serv the broth , heat to the boil point , add lemon juic to tast . 
 season to tast with worcestershir , lemon juic and celeri salt. serv hot or chill . 
 cut them in 1/2-inch slice and saut in butter until brown on both sides. serv with pork dish . 
 place a fillet in each soup plate and fill with hot soup . serv 6 . 
 they were accompani by mrs. cochran . after the program , the ladi of the anniston chapter serv refresh while santa claus present gift to the student . 
 she sat besid him and look ardent into his face . a great feast was serv them , but fairhand and his ladi had thought onli for each other . 
 cut in squares. serv plain or with a dish of 1 cup heavi cream whip until stiff , sweeten with 2 tablespoon sugar , and flavor with 2 teaspoon vanilla extract . 
 a delic porcelain epergn laden with plum and apricot is an eleg centerpiece. fruit achiev it ultim when you serv it in it natur state accompani by chees . 
 sinc the very-young enjoy sit on cushion on the floor , the coffe tabl will make an excel substitut for a dine tabl . if they are serv a bit earlier than the other , an adult or teen-ag volunt can supervis , help them butter their bread , cut their meat , and just be on hand in case of troubl ! 
 i 'm sure they will enjoy the even too . our chairman of the even , jeanett miller , say `` do n't forget coffe and lunch which will be serv at 9:45 . `` 
 strain the soup through cheesecloth . add madeira just befor serv and garnish with chop parsley . serv 2 to 4 . 
 make a sauc with 1 tablespoon of onion juic , 3 fine chop anchovi fillet , 1 tin of tuna fish in oliv oil , 1 cup of mayonnais and 2 tablespoon of capers. blend well and serv with the slice veal . 
 grill frankfurt : spear tini frankfurt and grill until crisp. serv with a mustard-season sour cream dunk. good cold ham , sausag and ready-prepar meat , slice veri thin and serv with thin slice rye and pumpernickel bread , make tasti appet . 
 strain the bone from the broth and then strain the broth through a linen napkin to remov the excess fat. serv the broth plain or with ani of the addit suggest abov for consomm ( see page 111 ) . 
 that night , the guest were seat at franklin 's tabl . they were baffl when deborah serv them noth but a bowl of strange-look mush , and a pitcher of cold water . 
 while the sparerib are cook , bring the marinad to a boil , lower the heat and simmer for 40 minutes. serv this sauc with the rib and with them also serv rice , a platter of slice tomato and onion , dress with oil and vinegar , and some good bread and butter . 
 in 1980 , with $ 60,000 , they launch `` shear mad '' at a tini , basement cabaret theater in a boston alley. becaus of a slow start , the two dub their ventur cranberri product inc. , as in `` what do you serv with a turkey ? '' 
 broil for 20 minut , then turn and finish cook until brown and crisp. serv with wild rice or barley casserol . 
 the maiden seat herself upon the golden chair , and offer the silver one to her companion . they were serv by maiden dress in white , whose feet made no sound as they move about , and not a word was spoken dure the meal . 
 add a dash of lemon juic and pour the sauc over the meat. surround this with the onion and mushroom and serv with steam rice . 
 soon the `` greeneri `` and root veget were readi for harvest . pioneer women serv them at the begin of the meal while their famili were still hungri , to be sure they got them down ! 
 in short , she had everi trait of the kind of woman he could tie round his finger . he rose to her with the most dazzl smile he had achiev in week , guid her through the menu and wine-list and chose a meal for her which was alreadi flavour with flatteri befor it was serv . 
 if the chees mixtur get too thick , add a littl more kirsch . the follow quich recip may be serv as main dish for luncheon or late breakfast ; they are also suitabl as a first cours for dinner . 
 i wonder whether some , at least , of the hippi were smoke marijuana . when the rush of serv was over , peter set a chair in the middl of the room and marilyn came out , carri her guitar . 
 sometim this test can get pretti sticky. it would be much easier to describ this , for instanc , if each particip could have simpli been serv three cup , each contain one of the three choic . 
 heat consomm until pipe hot . serv in heat soup cup and garnish each serv with thin slice of celeriac ( celeri root ) , which have been cook until tender in salt water . 
 there is entertain -- clown , magician and santa claus -- and each child take home a present. light refresh -- ice cream , candi and punch ( ad to the cost of the compani 's dental plan ) are serv . 
 i love lot of good thing to eat , and i love to prepar them. here then is a sampl menu of what i would serv . 
 brush with soften butter and sprinkl with vanilla sugar. rewarm to serv . 
 this dish has a gelatin qualiti that mani peopl find veri tasty. serv it inform to guest who are n't afraid to use their finger , for the best of the meat cling to the bone and must be nibbl off . 
 dot liber with butter and broil until sizzl on top and soft through , but not mushy. serv with whip cream flavor with vanilla and sugar . 
 there is noth handsom in the veget line than a whole cook head of cauliflow , white , glisten with melt butter and surround with tini whole carrot and small whole green bean . it is equal eleg cook and chill and serv with other cook veget and a well-season mayonnais . 
 just then she kick the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drink in tall glass of plastic silver with foliag on top . beer was never serv with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledg . 
 garnish with crouton if desir . serv 6 to 8 . 
 or , if you want a drink of water , you 'd be told that if you went clear across town , there 'd be a fountain for negro . you 'd wait 25 minut to be serv in a diner , and if you complain , you 'd be told , `` we do n't want nigger in here , anyhow . `` 
 do not overcook or the pear will be mushy. cool them in the syrup and serv plain or with whip cream or custard sauc . 
 derrick felt like hide too , when he saw that his parent were still fighting. he was sick when mom studious ignor pa 's entreat look , when she let dorothi hedla serv him instead of bring him breakfast herself . 
 prepar the sloppi joe exact as direct on the package. you can do this befor you go to the game and reheat the mixtur when you re readi to serv . 
 heat until pipe hot . serv 4 to 6 . 
 in either method , add more oil if past is too thick. serv over hot pasta spaghetti or fettucin with a dollop of butter , if you wish . 
 for this dish you need small clam littleneck or cherrystones. tell your fish dealer how you wish to serv them and he will remov half of the shell for you. serv 6 clam per person and arrang the shell on bed of ice . 
 per capita consumpt of process ( can and frozen ) veget increas dure the 1960 's , while per capita consumpt of fresh veget declined. consumpt of frozen and packag pie and cake , `` brown and serv `` roll , and cake and cooki mix has been soar , at the expens of home-bak product . 
 add more oil or a littl water , if needed. serv cold , sprinkl with parsley . 
 garnish each serv of consomm with narrow strip of french crepe ( paper-thin pancak ) . just befor serv the hot consomm , add port wine or sherri to tast , and slice raw mushroom . 
 ribbon extend from it , like highway , lead to each place . mrs. ford and gari serv an assort of sandwich , milk and gingerbread cooki shape like car . 
 for the children 's love feast in bethlehem , chocol milk and cooki are substitut . this present someth of a contradict , as children regular take part in other church love feast at which coffe is serv . 
 it make a fine bast sauc along with rosemari and garlic for roast pork . with thyme and parsley , it produc a good herb butter serv with salmon , halibut and bass . 
 cottag chees mix with chop chive and parsley. serv with mayonnaise. 2 . 
 it 's for peopl who think bermuda and nassau are vulgar and american and , besid , the nativ are get uppity. in montreux the nativ never get uppiti ; from septemb to may the hotel serv noth but roast beef and curri and take good care not to cook it too well . 
 still , the fajita pita is but a pale reflect of l.a. 's multi-ethn folk cuisin , which appear to have root that reach back to the mid-1940s. that is when , accord to one vagu local legend , a jewish man name mauri and his mexican wife mari serv the first kosher style burrito at an open-air lunch counter in the citi 's downtown busi district . 
 garnish with thin slice of hard-cook egg , lemon or avocado . serv 4 to 6 . 
 now tast the broth and add enough salt and pepper to suit yourself. serv immedi while still hot . 
 set asid to cool and then chill in the refrigerator. about 2 hour befor you are readi to serv , add the chop onion and parsley and addit oil if necessari . 
 do not let the asparagus stand in the water after it is done. drain at onc and serv with melt butter or hollandais sauc . 
 garnish with a sprinkl of chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 fish is good luck to eat at new year 's . it is serv both cook and raw . 
 when the veal is done , remov it to a hot platter and surround it with butter broccoli. serv with butter noodl light sprinkl with grate parmesan chees . 
 the slice should be crispi brown but pinkish in the center. salt and pepper them to tast , sprinkl with chop green onion and chop parsley and serv with the pan juic pour over them. with saute liver , serv crisp bacon strip , english mustard and tini new potato boil with their skin on . 
 by 7 p.m. , her pr duti done for the day , she liter climb onto the small stage at the gold star sardin bar and sang her first set. onli soft drink were serv , but the hous was sro anyway -- just like her open the night befor . 
 dure the last hour , add 6 carrot , the onion and the turnips. twenti minut befor you are readi to serv , add a quarter head of cabbag . 
 bread : dip slice of cold turkey in light beaten egg and then roll in fine crumbs. brown in plenti of butter or oliv oil and serv with a hot sauc diabl ( page 111 ) or tomato sauc ( page 111 ) . 
 you can introduc them in dessert or as a dessert by themselves. whenev you can , serv fresh produc . 
 big bowl of celeri and carrot stick , crispi cracker , chees , and whatev snack are plan , can be made part of the decor of the serv area. member of the famili should be at hand to serv , empti ashtray , and be of servic to the guests. instead of such a varieti of refresh , the host famili may prefer to featur a larg , beauti decor punch bowl , and serv a color punch to the guest . 
 aunt letti had stuf three turkey for the occas , but her dine room was not big enough for the herd she had invit . we serv ourselv from the tabl , then fill the chair , the stool and the couch in the live room . 
 light sprinkl with sugar , and pass sugar for individu to add more if desir . some southern add sherri to ambrosia when serv it as a dessert . serv 8 to 10 . 
 they were take a night plane home . dinner was serv in their room . 
 but she kept go , peddl her pizza to restaur and fanci hotels. ms. higa 's big break came when the royal host famili restaur chain agre to serv her pizza . 
 he shook hand self-consci with macra , larkin , dobb , and davi , as the pipe squealed. `` you have permiss to serv out a ration of spirit , '' he manag to tell davi and went below . 
 pour into pie shell and bake at dg350 for 35 minutes. cool and serv . 
 make about 3 quarts. to serv : heat , season to tast with lemon juic , white wine or sherri and serv hot or chill . 
 latvian also observ first , second , and third christma in america , with mani parti and visit . one christma specialti which is univers serv at such parti is piparkuka , the latvian version of peppernut . 
 gentl heat through , but do not let boil . serv 4 to 6 . 
 minut rice : use minut rice and cook it accord to the direct on the packag , substitut chicken broth or ani meat broth or stock for the water in the recipe. serv in ani of the way suggest for steam rice . 
 chill . stir in cognac or sherri just befor serv . 
 place in refriger until firm. serv with the whip cream or strawberri jam . 
 chill until firm ( about four hour ) . unmold ( see page 13 ) and serv surround by defrost frozen strawberri or fresh whole strawberri and remain top or cream. serv 6 . 
 his wife was a brilliant woman and still good-look . perhap she neglect her own hous a littl for her visit and parti ; she chang her servant everi three month and the general 's meal at home were serv unpunctu . 
 sometim he felt so elat about his life and happi household that he danc a littl mazurka befor he sat down to a meal with his famili . the rubinstein had a french cook , but nela like to surpris arthur with a favorit dish , such as partridg wrap in bacon and serv with red cabbag . 
 noth fill a person quit as full as a thanksgiv dinner . but we usual have a cold-turkey-sandwich snack befor the guest leav , serv , perhap , with a cup of coffe and apricot bar , someth sweet to top off the day . 
 yair sing three sabbath song he has learn in kindergarten. i serv bake fish . 
 roll in fine crumb and broil slowli in the oven or over charcoal until brown on one side ; then turn to brown on the other side. serv with sauc diabl ( page 111 ) , v4 ) . 
 when they are done , pour heat rum , cognac or grand marnier over them , ignit them and bring to the tabl blazing. serv with custard sauc or whip cream . 
 mani peopl object to the tast of cottonseed. serv smoke fish on a platter with toast finger , or arrang piec of the fish on toast finger yourself . 
 while the meat is finish , boil the potatoes. serv the meat slice on a platter and surround by the carrot and potato . 
 if use can beet , put them in a small pot with some of their liquid , and heat . when readi to serv , place the meat on a serv platter , remov the veget from the broth with a slot spoon , and arrang nice around the meat . 
 add more salt if necessary. serv in a salad bowl and garnish with slice hard-cook egg and chop parsley and chive . 
 they will be cook in about 5 minut . these marin scallop can be serv as an appet or as a main cours . 
 drain the cook potato on absorb paper . if you can cook these in advanc and then recrisp the potato for a minut in hot oil just befor serv , you will have a crisper , firmer veget . 
 it 's not so much what the ad say as what they do n't say , these specialist complain. thus , while one ad show a whole potato and a bottl of milk , they say it ignor the fact that the onli potato that mcdonald 's serv are french fri cook in beef fat and that one chocol milkshak contain about three time the sodium content of a regular order of french fri . 
 pan-fri small oyster and clam accord to direct for pan-fri clam , page 111 , v2. spear with toothpick and serv with a sharp tartar sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
 put a good hunk of butter into the same pan in which the bean were cook . add drain bean and sizzl a littl befor serv . serv 4 -- 6 . 
 drain and cool. serv with a vinaigrett sauc ( see salad dress ) or mayonnais . 
 onli one car was park in front. `` al doe n't serv lunch , `` preston explain . 
 sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 with ice cream : fill the pineappl shell with vanilla ice cream. as a top for the ice cream , serv the fruit cut in cube and flavor with sugar and rum . 
 this is particular so for late-harvest rieslings. sautern , howev , is tradit serv with foie gras in the sautern region , which sound like an unbear rich combin . 
 `` we re veri posit , '' he said. `` we re go to keep serv good food , come up with a reorgan plan and emerg from this . '' 
 her famili may then invit the congreg to a littl get-togeth , call `` oleg shabbot , `` in the vestri or social room . this is a joy , happi , brief social period at which refresh are serv . 
 cook until the edg of the oyster begin to curl. serv at onc , sprinkl with paprika or chop parsley or chives. serv 6 . 
 chill . serv 4 to 6 . 
 religi symbol besid the cross there are mani symbol and legend that will add interest and color to famili gather : paschal lamb . in a famili that serv no meat dure lent , the lamb can be a mold , or can be cooki or cake cut in the shape of a lamb . 
 prepar a foreign meal onc a month also chang the pace . besid help to prepar the exot dish , famili member can use their ingenu to make the way of serv , or the tabl decor fit the meal be prepar . 
 cook and stir over low heat until slight thicken , but do not let boil. serv hot or chill . 
 brown the second side. serv on a plate , cover , so it will keep warm while your mother enjoy her strawberri first . 
 she slip the elast cord under her chin . the guest were serv hearti irish food : scallop potato , corn beef , green pea , and milk . 
 drop by spoon on wax paper . let cool at room temperatur befor serv or store . 
 with brown sugar : omit the honey and use 2 tablespoon of brown sugar. with chili sauc : add a bit of chili sauc just befor you serv . 
 befor you see the pineappl tank , you know where you are by the sweet smell of sun-ripen pineappl be simmer in sugar syrup or process into it own natur sweet juice. on interisland flight between honolulu and the neighbor island , stewardess on all flight serv free pineappl juic . 
 at supper i request the hunter to lower their voic , so she was not disturb ; and it was not till next morn that she made her appear . it had been my intent to have her meal serv apart , but wolf larsen put down his foot . 
 sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 3 to 5 . 
 he realiz that he was talk too much , almost boast , and compel himself to chang the subject . in a few moment , the first and third lieuten came in and the dinner was serv . 
 cover and cook over veri low heat until squab are done about 1-1/4 hours. cut the meat from the squab into bite-s piec and serv in the soup. serv 6 to 8 . 
 complet his `` educ `` in minnesota , he took a room in earli march at a boardinghous in milwauke , where eight differ locat were import to his legend . the morn of march 9 the cook serv a good breakfast . 
 add mussel and / or clam and heat through. serv in larg , heat soup plate with toast italian garlic bread. serv 6 to 8 . 
 i know angelique. i serv his tray in the loung and i eat in my room with the fold door open . 
 hard line to have to give up such prize , though. `` he sat in the armchair under the vent , wait for sangh to serv lunch while mereweth finish his report and lock it away in the strongbox . '' 
 probabl it was easier to lose one 's parent and be left entir alon than to be a step-stepchild who was n't want . when the pie was serv stan took one tast and roll his eye ecstat . 
 with parsley : add 4 tablespoon of chop parsley to the potato after they have been riced. with chive : add 2 tablespoon of chop chive to the rice potato and sprinkl chop parsley on top when you serv them . 
 this swamp creatur has been a prize delicaci in the gritti , industri suburb south of detroit sinc the 1800s. but last month state food regul ban johnni kolakowski from serv his $ 5 muskrat dinner at the indian lane bowl alley becaus the meat is n't offici inspect . 
 add minc clam and heat through . add a pat of butter befor serv and top with a few grind of pepper and a sprinkl of chop parsley . serv 2 to 4 . 
 chill until firm. break up with a fork and serv in chill soup cups. garnish each cup with a sprig of parsley , and serv with lemon wedges. serv 6 . 
 one was white , made of rice cook in milk and spice with almond , marmalad , and white raisin ; anoth was burnt gold in color , wheat grain flavor with buckwheat honey and date ; the third was black , prepar by soak rice in dark plum juic and garnish it with prune and black currant . the three pud were made into loav and serv with high flavor fruit and berri sauc , repres the product of the orchard . 
 discard bouquet garni , tast for season , and add the chop parsley . serv 8 . 
 soak in vinaigrett sauc ( page 111 , v4 ) for 1 or 2 hours. serv in a salad or with mayonnais . 
 `` i onli weigh a hundr pound . `` it was typic of the smith household that the bathroom scale on which jenni weigh herself were american , while the lacquer bowl in which much of the food was serv were japanes . jenni kimura and her mother could use a knife and fork quit as well as they could use chopstick , and the tabl appoint were vari accord to the food serv . 
 put the slice into the fri pan and bast with the sauc until the slice are well cover . warm through ( but do n't boil ) befor serv . 
 the best banana are ripe bananas. it should be unnecessari to make such a statement , but strang enough , mani peopl serv the fruit while it still has a green ting at the tip of the skin . 
 everybodi was alreadi in the kitchen when we got there . joe sat down at the tabl and i serv him . the women did n't sit at the tabl with the men on that day , they serv their men . 
 it might be worth it . incompet sale clerk are not like to make a store popular , and a smelli restaur doe not establish an atmospher of comfort and confid in what food are go to be serv . 
 the fraud was therefor a vocal one , and ani experi i had , beyond what the other sens , might have been due to my have receiv some hallucinogen drug . the fenwick had serv our meal between them , and gile had carri my coffe across the terrac when we rearrang the chair . 
 add a littl chop garlic and a touch of worcestershir sauc to them as they cook. serv with potato cook in their jacket and a bowl of sour cream and chop chive to dress the potato . 
 add thyme and season with salt and pepper . serv 4 . 
 ignit and carri to the tabl blazing. serv poach pear top with vanilla ice cream and crush raspberri or raspberri syrup. serv poach pear top with vanilla ice cream and hot chocol sauc . 
 garnish with whole berri or fresh mint leav . serv 6 . 
 despit scare stori , he reassur them , the radioact fallout from chernobyl was n't that bad in germany. it is safe to eat the local veget , drink the milk and serv the mushroom , he add , and anyon worri about wild game can marin it a few day in vinegar to cleans it . 
 cut stale bread into small cube and bake slowli in a dg275 oven until crisp and well browned. serv these with soup. if you wish to serv the crouton with veget or noodl , after brown them in the oven saut them in hot butter until they are sizzl hot and butteri . 
 heat , but do not boil . serv 8 . 
 add the meat and simmer for 1/2 hour , covered. serv with rice pilaff , crisp french-fri onion , chutney , toast almond , grate coconut , raisin soak in cognac and crisp , crumbl bacon . 
 he was perhap the best cook of afghan food around . prior to tawab 's dine with us , we had regular been serv dish that were western whenev we entertain . 
 garnish each serv with a dollop of salt whip cream , if desir . serv 6 to 8 . 
 en brochett simpli mean broil on skewers. allow 2 kidney and 4 larg mushroom per skewer and serv 1 skewer per person . 
 pour the pud mixtur into the bake dish , scrape the bowl clean with a rubber spatula ; set dish into a pan of warm water and bake in a preheat dg350 oven for approxim 30 minut , or until the pud is firm. remov with two pot holder and serv hot . 
 place the potato cube in a larg bowl , add the chop veget , bind with mayonnais and season with salt and pepper , if necessary. serv in a salad bowl and top with more mayonnais . 
 this should not take more than 15 minutes. serv with chop parsley , addit butter if necessari , and lemon wedg . 
 return cabbag roll to casserol , cover , and place in dg350 f. oven or over fire until whole is well heat , about 15 minutes. to serv , remov cover. if content are to be serv on platter , dish up sarma , and garnish with sour cream as describ . 
 much social drink today has ritualist overton the champagn toast to the bride and groom , for instanc , or even the cocktail party. mani peopl serv drink in a way that is fundament ritualist , though it is unlik that they would think of it in that manner . 
 then she has to make lunch , wash the dish , and do the shop . by then it 's time to start dinner prepar it , serv it , and clean up afterward . 
 place in a hot oven to melt and brown the chees . serv 4 to 6 . 
 further , we adopt a polici of ask onli one excel at a time so that he could sit at my wife 's right and enjoy the nice warm feel of be superior to everyon else. in mani area of our rural south , and perhap in other part of the countri , the women do not sit down to eat with the men , but serv them first . 
 max said as he drift off to sleep on the ride back to dean 's hotel . the next morn at the hotel we were serv hot tea and biscuit by a distinguished-look gentleman in a white uniform and turban . 
 the flavor are complementari , but the tomato seem to make the salad wateri . i suggest serv slice tomato or tini peel whole tomato on the side . the most common mistak peopl make with avocado is serv them befor they are fulli ripe . 
 onc more the charact of the passeng chang , and jenni found herself in a plane full of dark-suit businessmen with briefcas . the stewardess were kept busi serv drink , and jenni was left quit alon . 
 if the guest are care , they can open the top of the box , which is now the back of the cover wagon , and take out the raisin without ruin the favor. conestoga-wagon place card : if you serv your guest at a tabl , you can use these toy wagon as place card and give differ prize . 
 the carnivor , like sever other restaur here , is the place for gourmand seek what might be call gnu-vell cuisin , peopl like to ask `` where 's the beast ? '' actual , most of the game meat serv with some regular in africa are farm for that purpos , with some supplement from anim cull from overpopul herd . 
 then turn it upsid down to invert the content on a larg platter. serv with rice pilaff and tomato salad . 
 sprinkl with a few drop of lemon juic and add the flake fish. serv veri cold in chill soup cup , garnish with snip dill or parsley. serv 4 to 6 . 
 while in the refriger , the pie must be cover with wax paper . fifth : to garnish the pie befor serv , whip 1 cup heavi cream until stiff . 
 graduat day is a big mileston in your live and some celebr is certain indic . whi not invit a good-siz group of your friend for late supper at your hous , serv in buffet style ? 
 some of the bar on the list have substanti problem of violent crime. recap has idea for how the bar can reduc such crime ( such as not admit or not serv intox custom ) . 
 remov from heat and sprinkl with chervil . top each serv with a spoon of sour cream and sprinkl with a few drop of lemon juic . serv 4 to 6 . 
 fold in 3/4 cup whip cream and hide singl almond somewher in mixture. to serv , decor with swirl of remain whip cream and red and green maraschino cherri if desir . 
 simmer until the mixtur reach the consist of heavi cream about 1 hour . just befor serv , add the stuf crayfish head and heat through . 
 for a while i saw no pigeon , but then i found a larg flock that roost under the eav of the bishop museum , appar go out to forag in the countrysid dure the day . one summer in san juan , puerto rico , the hotel where i stay serv breakfast on an outdoor terrac , and the charm littl puerto rican honeycreep invad the tabl to get tidbit from the guest . 
 tast for season . serv 4 to 6 . 
 remov popov from the oven with two pot holder and take from pan with finger protect by a napkin. serv them pipe hot . 
 buy whole cook or uncook hard-shel crab , allow 1 per person unless they are the except larg crab from the pacif northwest. in that case , one crab will probabl serv two person . 
 stir the mixtur into balanc of soup. serv pipe hot , with a boil potato in each soup plate . 
 stir lemon juic into soup and chill. serv with a select of the follow garnish : thin slice of raw appl , thin lemon slice , sliver almond , chop fresh parsley , snip chive , fresh mint leaves. serv 4 to 6 . 
 `` fresh lemonad , `` said mom , as she fill the children 's cups. `` did you ever see circus-cart ice cream ? `` ask sue as she help serv dessert . 
 they were alway boss me around . there was still a littl time until christma supper would be serv . 
 stir in the chop parsley and chop onion. serv with slice of frankfurt in each bowl ( simmer the frankfurt for 15 minut and then slice ) , or with slice of garlic sausag ( simmer for 30 minut and then slice ) . 
 garnish with crouton . serv 4 . 
 heat at a simmer. serv in a separ dish so that those who want some may help themselv . 
 she smile a beauti bland smile at the empti stage , and the boy struggl past her larg pale knee and then past evi 's , mutter all the time. `` you 'd think they would serv popcorn , `` violet said calm . 
 later , the roman plant the field of tuscani abund with anis to suppli high demand for food flavor , medic addit and perfumes. roman cook made cake of anis meal and other aromat herb to serv follow rich entertain and wed feast . 
 mix oil , vinegar , salt and pepper and pour over the salad . serv 10 . 
 strain into a clean pan and gentl reheat. serv in heat soup plate , with melba toast and thin lemon slices. serv 4 . 
 if your parti is small , make cupcak , put one of these three ingredi into three of the cupcakes. mark these cupcak with toothpick so that you will be sure to serv them. if you bake a big cake , and do not serv the entir cake , the part of the cake with the `` fortun `` in it may remain uneaten . 
 cook over low heat for 30 minut . add the egg befor serv , and sprinkl with chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 shake the pan occasion to be sure the potato are not stick and are cook evenly. serv with a sprinkl of chop parsley or chop chive and parsley mix . 
 we left the nice young thai famili reluct , but the lunch did prove sumptuous . i had n't the slightest idea what we were eat , but it certain tast differ from what they serv at the hotel . 
 in this age of moder , the popular of a cocktail mix surpris sever marketers. but these , made by coca-cola , can be serv with or without alcohol . 
 the witch suspect no evil , and her mouth water to tast the new dish , so she went into the kitchen to prepar it herself . when it was readi she could not wait till it was serv at the tabl but immedi took a coupl of leav and put them in her mouth . 
 garnish with fine chop nut . serv 6 . 
 garnish with oliv slice or chop parsley . serv 6 . 
 season with salt and pepper and reheat . serv 4 to 6 . 
 lutt ouvrier , pari the follow letter was written to le mond by m. roger errera , a senior offici of the conseil d'etat , franc 's highest advisori bodi to the govern in legisl matters. allow me to make a few clarifi comment of a legal natur on the fact present in your recent articl concern a certain cafe in the latin quarter which refus to serv black . 
 these tini bird weigh onli about 1 pound each. serv one to a person . 
 top with a sprinkl of chop parsley . serv 4 to 6 . 
 will keep in refriger overnight , but no longer . serv 4 to 6 . 
 about 15 minut befor cook time is up , add the cabbage. strain and serv the broth as the first cours . 
 if you overcook , the meat will be dri and half the flavor gone. serv roast stuf turkey with saute tini white onion , mash potato and giblet sauc made with the turkey giblet and neck ( see page 111 ) . 
 this will take approxim 5 minut . if potato are not serv immedi , add 1/4 cup of water , cover , and keep on warm burner . evapor water befor serv . serv 8 . 
 then proceed as for regular noodl ( see abov ) . cook and serv green noodl as you would white noodl . 
 stir in the heavi cream. serv hot , garnish with croutons. serv 4 to 6 . 
 it was an ad for wine. the friend play a maid , serv wine to blond . 
 real sale are restaur sale after exclud the effect of addit outlet and price increases. in this case , wendi 's also exclud breakfast sale , as most of it restaur have stop serv breakfast . 
 note origin , this typic north american dish was made of corn and kidney bean , and cook in bear greas . the pilgrim ad various meat and serv the dish as a meal in itself . 
 