kohlberg kravis arranged a 1984 leveraged buyout of wometco broadcasting inc. for about $ 800 million. wometco cable operates cable systems serving about 362,000 subscribers , primarily in north and south carolina , georgia and louisiana . 
mr. salamah has been assigned to the mission since 1978. prosecutors claimed that the men used `` double billing '' to draw more funds from saudi coffers than were needed to fulfill the needs of students served by the mission . 
two factors were considered in selecting these institutions : ( 1 ) the percent of students enrolling from out of state and ( 2 ) the percent of students residing on campus . colleges serving a local student clientele offer many opportunities and varied satisfactions . 
the department said it was considering enforcement action against the two carriers. the department at the time said it found that many delta and eastern flights serving atlanta arrived 15 or more minutes late . 
mellon bank corp. said it created two special asset management subsidiaries to serve corporate and public pension funds , endowments and foundations . 
transportation secretary dole granted antitrust immunity to airlines serving chicago 's o'hare and atlanta 's hartsfield airports . 
brookhaven says that it has n't discriminated , that demand for lower-income housing is n't great and that it meets the existing demand. the town also says its zoning serves the public by providing for a variety of single-family homes , condominiums and rentals . 
while many companies have been gearing up for the predicted boom in data communications during the 1970 's , at least one company the raytheon co. of lexington , mass. surveyed the market and found that it already had the wherewithal in-house to become a power in the commercial side of the data communications market . there was a problem , however : the giant electronics based firm knew that its data communications capability was housed largely in raytheon units that served military operations . 
we believe this innovation , made possible by a specially designed computer program , will be a major benefit to busy readers. -- faster and even more reliable delivery for many readers through a continuing expansion of the journal 's 154-city private delivery network , which already serves more than 740,000 journal paid subscribers in 43 states . 
the investor group includes mark edmiston , former president of washington post co. 's newsweek unit ; william broyles jr. , a former editor in chief of newsweek magazine ; executives of the magazine 's publisher , tvsm inc. , horsham , pa. ; and jack crosby , an austin , texas , cable television investor. the cable guide , launched six years ago with 2,000 subscribers , currently is distributed by 450 cable systems serving 5.5 million of the nation 's about 40 million cable subscribers . 
the basic model would cost $ 80 million and could be outfitted with engines from either general electric co. of the u.s. or the pratt & whitney division of united technologies corp. the md-11 , like the proposed airbus a340 , is aimed at serving long-distance routes that do n't attract enough traffic to justify using a 450-seat 747 . 
judge robert bork contended that his views on antitrust law fully consider the interests of consumers , but argued that some forms of antitrust regulation do n't promote competition. referring to his 1978 book on antitrust law , the supreme court nominee in his third day of testimony told the senate judiciary committee , `` my entire book . . . is premised on the question of what best serves consumers . . . . '' 
`` we were n't going anywhere near that price for those magazines , '' mr. singerman says. instead , news corp. ended up going after ziff-davis 's business publications serving the aviation and travel industries , for which it paid about $ 350 million . 
he noted that american does n't plan to inaugurate its new hub at raleigh/durham until june 15. in choosing between delta and pan am for the route between london and the northeastern u.s. , the judge noted that both carriers already serve london . 
airport concourses in cincinnati , chicago and san francisco are coming to resemble shopping-mall clusters of eateries , with stands offering tacos , omelettes and freshly-grilled belgian waffles topped with fruit. because airport traffic ebbs and flows and many customers are pressed for time , a fast-food format can serve the clientele better than a cafeteria , says kenneth smith , vice president of planning and business development of marriott corp. 's host division , which is overhauling its restaurants and bars at 40 airports . 
the merger would link two airlines whose operations are concentrated on their respective coasts and would create the seventh-largest domestic airline in terms of revenue passenger miles , usair group said. usair group , which is based in washington , serves 83 airports but only about 12 are west of st. louis. psa , based in san diego , serves 29 airports primarily on the west coast , five of which already are served by usair group . 
the new arrangement debuted a week ago , the spongier three-quarters of it renamed `` the morning program. '' i liked the concept , in the abstract serving both us self-proclaimed cerebral types who want the news and not the pap , as well as less self-consciously driven onlookers whose interests lie not in the persian gulf states but in the newest couches , accouchements and cacherels . 
although it is n't likely that japanese exports will ever play a major role in the overall u.s. trade picture , he suggests that `` eventually japanese investment in the u.s. could help revitalize some american export industries. '' ricoh 's efforts to avoid anti-dumping penalties being levied by the european economic community against japanese-made copiers are part of the company 's overall strategy of building factories in markets ricoh serves . 
the proposed rate increases are aimed at helping the utility pay for costs related to its investment in the palo verde nuclear power plant near phoenix , ariz. el paso electric , which serves 220,000 customers in west texas and southern new mexico , derives 18 % of total revenue from its new mexico service area . 
it says the commission will appoint a trustee to arrange the divestiture if that timetable is n't met. alleghany agreed that it either will divest safeco of its title plant in los angeles county within 14 months or dispose of its own interest in a separate title plant serving the same area . 
great spring would n't say how long the new product would be tested. the company expects to `` eventually serve most of new england , '' however , and then to introduce the product around the country . 
the ford motor co. unit , which previously said it planned to increase the number of its branches , said it hopes to continue expanding in the nation 's second-largest retailer at that pace over the next several years. while bank deregulation has caused many major banks to abandon serving lower and middle income groups , first nationwide 's chairman , anthony m. frank , said at a news conference here that the expansion in retail stores `` might be the way you solve the problem of serving just plain folks . '' 
we also will recall the council of ministers , as an institution of the european coal and steel community . this council , comprising one or more ministers from each government , changing according to the subject under discussion , serves also the common market and euratom . 
the fda , in particular its bureau of drugs under robert temple , has driven that system to its absurd extreme. the system now serves itself first and people later . 
in addition to private buses on fixed routes , there are about 4,500 flexible-route minibuses , most individually owned. these fully deregulated minibus services have proved especially successful at serving sparsely populated districts without subsidy and acting as feeder services for the subway . 
marc gregoire , the marketing director for the 737 program , said 10 other airlines are in `` serious '' discussions about possible purchases of the new 737 version. boeing commercial airplane co. , seattle-based boeing 's commercial aircraft arm , has been canvassing airlines for at least a year about such a plane , and its decision to proceed with construction appears to be a move to dominate -- with a thoroughly updated design -- the market for planes with 100 to 130 seats , which is served by such competitors as fokker n.v. , a dutch concern , and british aerospace . 
not long ago , locals hunted crocodiles for cash to supplement their subsistence living. today , most river people find it more profitable and much easier to serve the art and artifacts market than to face crocs at night on an unforgiving river . 
software assistance corp. , ann arbor , mich. for information : circle 316 on reader card orbit ii is a general-purpose information retrieval system for ibm os / 360 users having at least 256k of memory on a model 40 or larger . the pl/i package has a basic vocabulary of 11 english commands and can be used either in a dedicated mode or on a t-s network serving up to 150 on-line users . 
considered the best financed black-led venture ever , the airline attracted some $ 35 million from equitable life assurance society of the u.s. after it got seed money from a black-owned insurance company and the largely black postal workers union , among others. the company , which bills itself as the airline created to serve business , has attempted to carve out a niche serving travelers who want such frills as roomier seats , gourmet meals and a comfortable gate-side lounge with free drinks , telephones and newspapers . 
the publishing concern is a unit of international thomson organisation ltd. , a toronto-based publisher with interests in travel , oil and gas. `` banking week is edited for a broader audience than is currently served by our own american banker daily newspaper -- for executives throughout the industry who do n't require the intensity of daily coverage , but still need to keep pace with the news and events taking place in this fast-changing field , '' said mr. burke . 
mr. shulman said santa monica , calif.-based hotel systems international inc. has been incorrectly identified as the hotel 's owner in certain news accounts. he said that hotel systems , a reservation and information service that serves the dupont plaza , does n't have any ownership stake in the hotel or san juan dupont plaza corp . 
rubbermaid inc. said it will begin construction in april of a 275,000-square-foot manufacturing and distribution facility in goodyear , ariz. rubbermaid said the facility , to be used intitially for its home products division , will help serve its increasing customer base in western states . 
industry sources indicated that a study , expected to be completed in about two months , probably would recommend that certain branches be consolidated or replaced by more cost-efficient limited-service offices or automated teller machines. the limited-service offices could specialize in serving small businesses or making large personal loans to affluent consumers . 
while mr. weed asserts total public expenditures in 1971 for family-planning clinics were $ 11 million , federal government expenditures alone were $ 65 million in that year. instead of mr. weed 's figure of 300,000 teen-age clients served in 1971 , family-planning clinics in fact served 460,000 . 
the very quality of life is on the line , for education benefits all of society , not just those who sit in classrooms . meeting the challenge will take a positive effort by the colleges and universities and by all the rest of us who are served . 
the greater storage capacity of the ibm 360-30 , compared to that of the ibm 1050 , and its ability to handle a number of terminals operating simultaneously , give this hardware configuration substantial advantages , as does the availability of the current ibm 360 in many schools and colleges. eces uses an ibm 360-40 or-50 , with still more storage capacity and the ability to serve more terminals and do other types of work at the same time . 
houston-based bredero price , an international pipe coating concern , is owned by van den nieuwenhuyzen group , the netherlands. lukens is a diversified industrial concern serving the construction , defense , transportation , industrial and energy markets . 
the bonds were priced at 99.125 % to yield 11.1 % . the electric utility serving eastern massachusetts said proceeds will be used to improve its plant and properties . 
the partnership currently has 3.2 million class a units outstanding. proceeds of approximately $ 84.8 million , when combined with $ 9.5 million partnership cash , will be used to acquire a cable television system serving independence , mo. , and 16 other suburban kansas city communities . 
the company said it needs the increase to recover expenses and to earn a return on its share of the oklaunion power station , a large coal-fueled generating plant that went into operation last december. the utility holding company said the unit filed the request last week with the texas public utility commission and with the cities it serves in central and west texas . 
a successor to the 46-year-old mr. glick has been selected from outside the company , genex said , but his name wo n't be disclosed until the company completes a private placement of its stock. a company official described the successor as having broad experience in the industrial markets genex serves . 
of course , you may see specimens of fine work somewhere and then hunt down the producer but i have not had that luck in spain so i have had to concentrate on the magnificent weather and on the playas ( beaches ) and what they have to offer . this is written at the edge of a big reservoir that serves several big cities of a new england state . 
not being able to supply equipment to tokyo , nagoya and eastern japan `` provides us very little opportunity to sell , '' says stephen l. levy , motorola 's executive vice president in charge of japan. daini denden 's , and thus motorola 's , failure to win the right to serve the entire japanese market has made american officials here cynical . 
brock hotel corp. said 34 % of its shareholders who own 10 or fewer common shares had tendered their holdings when its small-lot offer expired yesterday. as previously reported , the hotel and restaurant concern began the offer last november , to reduce administrative costs of serving small-lot holders , which number about 8,000 . 
on the fringes of community administration there are two committees which exert considerable influence on the shaping of community policies . the economic and social committee serves the common market and euratom , and the consultative committee does the same for the coal and steel community . 
there are empty stores on its main street. its fine modern schools serve scarcely two-thirds the number of students they were built to accommodate , with each entering class smaller than the one ahead of it . 
cleveland-cliffs inc. said its iron company subsidiary has put up for sale its 93 % interest in the upper peninsula generating co. , a coal-fired power plant in marquette , mich. cleveland-cliffs said bids are expected next month for the plant , which primarily serves the iron ore pellet plants on the marquette range in michigan . 
heart of the system is a cdc 3300 in little rock , ark. ultimately it will serve some 300,000 migrant students in 47 states . 
an extra strong one is called a cyclone and removes roofs ; lesser fry will sweep up fallen branches , debris and anything left about , whirl it around in a wild embrace , abandon it and prance on its way . bulong , in its heyday , was a fair-sized place served by schools , churches , stores , an array of pubs and a miners ' institute with an imported grand piano . 
in september , after three years of struggling , mr. bailey 's three partners left the firm. lsi will continue to serve the few clients it drew , but wo n't seek any new business , mr. bailey says . 
terms were n't disclosed. the cable television operator bought the properties from three closely held companies : multi-county cable vision inc. , ashland county cable service co. and medway catv inc. jones said the systems serve about 9,000 basic subscribers and 5,000 premium subscribers. jones said it currently owns or manages cable systems serving 33,000 subscribers . 
emery 's mr. ball said mr. dorsey did n't solicit his company 's offer , and that emery has been considering an offer for purolator for the `` last few weeks. '' in the letter to purolator 's mr. brady , emery said it believed the two companies would `` provide an excellent fit '' and that `` the combination will enable each of us to better serve our existing customers . '' 
this belief resulted in the creation of a special government agency known as the rural electrification administration rea , for short. the new agency , which later became a part of the u.s. department of agriculture , was authorized to make loans to local organizations to serve people who wanted electricity . 
special vd clinics are being organized to make access to treatment easier and more effective . free clinics serving the street people find g. c. second only to drug overdosage as the major patient problem . 
he adds that it is committed by village residents as well as by outsiders. deputy police inspector elson gelfand , the commander of the precinct serving greenwich village , says , `` aids gives people an excuse for violence . '' 
the far eastern economic review has suspended its entire distribution in singapore rather than agree to government restrictions slashing its circulation. `` as the review is prevented from serving all its singapore readers , it prefers to serve none , '' derek davies , editor of the hong kong-based weekly magazine , said in a statement . 
allen j. volkenant , executive vice president , marketing , said he is n't certain where the initial marketing efforts will be concentrated. `` this will give us an opportunity to test a new means of marketing banking services in areas not already served by brick-and-mortar branches , '' he said . 
chairman , elliott averett , robert h. b. baldwin , william c. blanchard , george a. brownell , james carey , richard m. colgate , charles e. cotting , agnes fowler , henry w. gadsden , edward l. glaser , mrs. h. donald harvey , wallace s. jones , james h. leatham , ph.d. , richard w. mayer , r. townley paton , m.d. , landon peters , john t. pirie , jr. , dorrance sexton , raymond d. stitzer , mrs. frederick r. wierdsma , walter a. wood . `` dialogue `` , the recorded magazine for blind persons , has awarded the seeing eye guide first place in a competition for bulletins issued by agencies serving blind people . 
but families single-handedly provide the sense of significance and the ongoing affection and guidance that moderns need for healthy growth and protection from isolation and loneliness. other institutions make demands on families , but few attempt to serve families effectively . 
this was accomplished jointly , by management 's increasingly efficient use of labor , and a performance by our mail handlers and carriers that reaffirmed their commitment to provide our customers with the quality service they deserve. the problems raised by mr. bovard will not be solved by slashing the wages of dedicated postal employees , nor will the public be served by the privatization of its postal service . 
the company said the bonds , due 2012 , will be redeemed april 1 at 112.27. texas electric is a unit of texas utilities and serves two million customers in texas . 
many of g. t. & e. 's franchises are in semirural communities and small cities , and population growth in its areas has been higher than in the larger cities dominated by the bell system . last year 's additions brought to 11,321,000 the total number of phones served by g. t. & e. companies . 
wall street sources predict that of all the big banks that have applied for this power , bankers trust new york and j.p. morgan probably will achieve the most success , mainly because of the inroads they have made already as agents. indeed , these sources point out that success in this business may be most crucial for those two banks , because both of them have concentrated their efforts on serving the biggest corporations , which have abandoned bank financing for commercial paper . 
the plan estimates that if everything went as hoped , the system might be able to get by without drawing any federal money at all , particularly in early years -- a potentially important point in the face of current congressional budget-cutting requirements. `` the system does n't need a cash infusion so long as it has market borrowing access , capital to absorb losses and the ability to serve farmer-borrowers on a basis that is both reasonable to them and profitable for fcs over the long term , '' the proposal asserts . 
a majority of the 200 or so attacks on shipping since the war began have been conducted by iran. ships serving kuwaiti ports are the main target . 
biw said its fourth-quarter figures were depressed by its establishment during the quarter of a $ 2.2 million reserve for `` possible excess and obsolete inventory. '' the company added that its sales fell because of a continuing downturn in the petroleum and other markets that it serves . 
sen. leahy 's home state is in the system 's springfield , mass. , district , where a federal judge this week struck down fca rules for transfer of funds from wealthier units like the springfield banks to shakier units in the system. even many legislators from areas served by the weakest farm credit banks may welcome the plan 's gaining support in congress . 
tokyo-based bridgestone said it plans to spend $ 70 million by 1990 to expand the lavergne , tenn. , plant , which now makes one million radial tires annually for trucks and buses. by the early 1990s , bridgestone said , it plans to make about two million radial passenger tires annually at the plant , serving both u.s. and japanese auto makers based in north america . 
simply getting all parties to a meeting at the same time can be a daunting task. carol kane , assistant vice president for meeting services at merrill lynch & co. , says the problem is complicated when executives meet in , say , palm springs , calif. , which is served primarily by small commuter airlines that carry only about 12 passengers a plane . 
however , since 1980 , their number has doubled to more than 2,000 nationwide. most are closely held companies serving local or regional markets . 
foreign investments benefit the u.s. economy mainly because they lead to exports of raw materials , components , and equipment to the overseas facility. when kimberly-clark corp. built a $ 23-million paper mill in huntsville , ontario , to serve the canadian market , it purchased enough equipment in the u.s. to supply fifty-one man-years of employment . 
steel technologies inc. said it agreed to form a joint venture with mitsui & co. to operate steel-service centers in the u.s. the steel processor said the centers would serve japanese and domestic automobile and appliance-parts makers in the u.s . 
currently , there are only 40 or so videotex services offering , for example , home banking and electronic airline schedules. they serve only about 750,000 subscribers , or less than 1 % of u.s. households . 
the first two parts of this volume include all two-year colleges that were founded and had enrolled their first class by the fall of 1967. ( comparative data on institutions founded more recently can not be compiled since only experience can provide a true picture. ) part i includes those community colleges , junior colleges , and technical institutes that provide limited if any residential facilities , or serve primarily a local student body . 
since 1985 , the japanese yen has appreciated substantially compared with the u.s. dollar , making it relatively less expensive for the japanese to build vehicles in the u.s. david healy , analyst with drexel burnham lambert inc. , estimates that it now costs the japanese about as much to build their vehicles in japan and ship them to the u.s. as it does to build them here. honda is also keenly aware of growing protectionist sentiment in congress and has repeatedly stated its goal to build vehicles in the markets it serves . 
harsco makes metal construction and defense products ; it declined to disclose the size of its railroad business. canron , toronto , is a diversified manufacturer serving construction , industrial , and specialty markets . 
infinity broadcasting corp. said it entered an agreement to acquire radio stations kvil am/fm , from sconnix broadcasting co. , charleston , s.c. , for $ 82 million. the stations serve the dallas/fort worth markets . 
transtar airlines , a subsidiary of dallas-based southwest airlines , said it will form a commuter airline with closely held rio airways to serve six texas cities. the service , which goes into effect jan. 7 , will serve brownsville-south padre island , bryan-college station , victoria , laredo , san angelo and killeen . 
combustion engineering said the bid reflects its continuing effort to expand into high-technology businesses. accuray makes its systems mainly for the pulp and paper industry , a market combustion engineering also serves . 
in spongy bone , however , the lacunae are not arranged in circles and there are no tubes for the blood vessels and nerves. the blood vessels and nerves which serve the spongy bone run through the spaces between the struts and bars . 
terms were n't disclosed. tuscan serves the northern new jersey and new york city area with milk , juice , ice cream and other dairy products , and also supplies airlines and food-service concerns . 
the fcc the next year revised the rules , requiring vendors to have callers use a special access code , available only to adults , or pay by credit card. the appeals court approved that plan , but said it was n't technically feasible for companies served by new york telephone . 
the closely held firm said the move is aimed at providing more specialized client needs , particularly in the areas of health and welfare , pensions , retirement health care , flexible benefits and post-retirement income , among others. smaller companies will continue to be served by the parent firm 's employee benefits staff . 
delta air lines , breaking with other major airlines , said it would prohibit smoking on its regularly scheduled flights within california , in line with a state law that is scheduled to take effect friday. delta , which serves 12 california airports , said it questions the state 's authority to regulate smoking on delta aircraft because airlines are federally regulated . 
after all , someday the stores will be finished in her neighborhood , so that she will not have to drag her shopping bag all across town. her little ones will grow up ; a new subway line will someday serve her area . 
cablevision said it will hold valley cable through its cablevision industries of california unit. cablevision industries , a closely held concern , owns and operates cable systems serving more than 400,000 subscribers . 
the remaining concentrated orange juice is `` slush-frozen , `` poured into 6-ounce cans , and frozen solid. the cans are stored in warehouses at 10 degrees below zero and are then shipped to wholesale grocers by the millions , for delivery to the supermarkets they serve . 
the clayton acquisition strengthens geldermann 's position as a leading futures-only brokerage firm ; it recently acquired heinold commodities inc. and agra gill & duffus inc. geldermann also said last week that it is severing its clearing ties to more than 75 of its smaller offices serving retail customers to concentrate on larger institutional accounts . 
ellinghaus , who became president of the new york telephone co. the day after he addressed the waldorf-astoria conference , admitted that bell was having trouble servicing its customers , but he insisted that the company is trying as hard as it can to improve things . he listed a number of improvements on the way : by the middle of this decade , a long-haul digital network serving `` approximately 60 cities `` will be in operation , ellinghaus promised . 
the proposal met such a barrage of criticism that mr. pierce authorized the study. the report said , however , that three areas should be reviewed further : reducing competitive advantages over private insurers , limiting overlap in types of borrowers served by fha and private firms , and possible conversion of fha into a reinsurer of mortgages . 
braniff inc. said it will start service to oklahoma city next friday with a daily round-trip flight to dallas-fort worth. with the new flight , braniff will serve 20 cities in the u.s. and mexico . 
as he worked his way up , he helped advance the international investment banking operations morgan conducts from london -- including activities glass-steagall bars commercial banks from in the u.s. in the 1980s , the large corporate customers that banks such as morgan guaranty serve increasingly substituted issuance of commercial paper and other securities for bank borrowings . 
the electronic service would be in addition to the current print directories. `` we believe we could serve our customers and users better if we could offer an alternative to the plain printed yellow pages , '' says david l. wibbelsman , president of nynex information resources co. , a unit of nynex corp. , new york . 
one still more important similarity remains : neither kodak nor polaroid has ever encountered serious competition , or come in second best in any matter of great importance . although they choose different words to say so , both kodak and polaroid believe that they have served themselves and the public as well without competition as they would have with it . 
the range of possible outcomes extends from approval of the merger to rejection of the merger , the charter , and the supplemental agreement , with some interesting combinations in between . american export and other opponents complain that the merger would put sea-land in a position of unassailable strength in markets served exclusively by u.s.-flag carriers . 
american president lines ltd. said it applied to the maritime administration for temporary authorization to serve west coast-to-hawaii trade routes on a weekly basis . 
contributing $ 95 million to the joint venture , williams would own 81 % of the new company ; kansas city southern 's 87 % -owned subsidiary , ldx group , would hold a 19 % stake. the new company will serve markets throughout the u.s. , providing service to all major metropolitan centers , williams said . 
full-year revenue increased 3.8 % to $ 9.36 billion from $ 9.02 billion. william l. weiss , chairman , president and chief executive officer of ameritech -- the parent of bell companies serving illinois , indiana , michigan , ohio and wisconsin -- said expenses were about unchanged from a year earlier , while the work force increased slightly for the first time since the company was formed in 1984 . 
diane bliss , a vice president at wtvs , said cancom has doubled the size of the station 's audience , and attracted contributions to the station from places like kodiak , alaska , tuktoyaktuk , northwest territories and st. john 's , newfoundland. cancom was established in 1981 to serve remote communities and areas with inadequate broadcast service . 
in response to questions about the new airport , the airlines are told that plans are `` not yet complete , '' while foreign contractors are told that plans are `` too far advanced '' to permit foreign participation. although not scheduled for completion until 1993 , the new osaka airport , which will serve the kansai area of western japan , already is badly needed. itami airport , which currently serves the osaka area , is so restricted by environmental factors that this year less than 15,000 flights will be accepted there . 
airlines also criticized the idea , saying the talks would n't reduce delays much , but they agreed to cooperate if the department granted antitrust immunity. industry officials contend that mrs. dole retreated from her plan to hold talks for airlines serving all 13 airports because of industry and political pressure . 
any further increase here , such as an export program , would improve its political position with those who argue that japanese companies have been exporting products to this market at the expense of u.s. jobs. the company has repeatedly said it wants to build cars in the markets it serves . 
through the first nine months of 1986 , piedmont 's profit rose 8 % , to $ 54.9 million , or $ 2.72 a share , on a 23 % jump in revenue to $ 1.36 billion. by serving small cities and setting up hubs in previously out-of-the-way places like charlotte , n.c. and dayton , ohio , piedmont , in addition being financially strong , could mesh well with the route systems of other airlines . 
century communications corp. said it purchased the assets of the morgantown , w.va.-area cable television system from cablentertainment , a new jersey cable tv company. century paid $ 16 million for the morgantown system , which serves about 13,000 subscribers. with the purchase , century said it owns or manages 39 cable tv systems in 21 states and puerto rico , serving about 510,000 subscribers . 
power is generated by thousands of solar cells , which convert the raw , undiluted sunlight of space into electrical energy. to keep the satellite in permanent communication with the area it is meant to serve , its speed is synchronized to keep exact pace with the earth 's rotation . 
your dec. 16 second-front-page article `` group homes that serve the mentally ill face new barriers in some communities '' only repeated unsubstantiated charges on both sides of the issue . 
the negotiation of the agreement was prompted by a dispute over the right of air canada , a state-owned airline , to pick up passengers in london and fly them to hong kong and singapore. the new pact settles that dispute by allowing canadian airlines to fly from london to three cities in asia and to many european cities that were n't previously served by canadian carriers via britain . 
sales rose 11 % to $ 781.8 million from $ 706 million. the dobbs house restaurants , newsstands , gift shops and other concessions greyhound is acquiring serve 20 airports , including chicago 's o'hare , new york 's kennedy and the major terminals in atlanta , dallas-fort worth and los angeles . 
there was provision for doing this in design , and the result would be that walters would have access to both command modules without having to don a spacesuit. there would also be a saving in power by having one life-support system serve two ships , since it might come about that the other men would be absent on the alien ship for extended periods of time . 
private : biggest difference is not the students , '' dec. 1 : the author correctly notes that public schools spend considerably more on education than those in the private sector. however , many of the private schools that are springing up around the country do not provide for either vocational education or for education of the handicapped , both of which are necessary and both of which consume a large amount of dollars for the number of students they serve . 
there are historic schools like alabama 's tuskegee institute , started in 1881 by booker t. washington , and well known for its strong vocational programs. another historic and famous school is virginia 's hampton institute , founded in 1868 by a civil war general to serve indigent blacks and indians . 
that , after all , is what foreign investors are , prudent. moreover , they are just as sophisticated as american investors and just as well plugged into the vast communications system that serves the world investment community . 
or participate in ticket-selling campaigns . a community theater can function as a remarkably cohesive force for the community it serves , and few people who get hung up on the activity ever quit . 
coca-cola said its agreement calls for bottling coke in the soviet union and expanding its sale to more soviet cities and citizens. currently , coke sales are restricted to shops serving tourists in moscow ( the company 's fanta orange soda is sold in moscow , tallin and kiev to soviet consumers ) . 
some of these officials also want bellcore to take on customers other than the regional bells , so that it may grow. terms of the bell system breakup , however , prohibit bellcore from serving the broader market . 
it promises to be quite a revealing battle , with judge bork 's controversial positions on such issues as abortion on the one hand , and the democratic opposition led by sen. joe biden on the other. tuesday , sept. 15 , various times ( check local listings ) , on stations served by orbis communications : `` national aids awareness test . '' 
the acquisition will add about $ 1 billion to chase home 's servicing portfolio , increasing it to about $ 4.5 billion. it also will enable chase home to establish a servicing operation in tampa to serve chase home customers in the southeast and southwest . 
honeywell has taken the first step in a planned network of education service centers that will provide administrative and instructional services to schools . the first center , opened in minneapolis this month , serves more than 50 minnesota elementary schools , high schools , and colleges . 
a cancom spokeswoman said the satellite transmission company is n't violating any u.s. or canadian laws. cancom distributes the detroit signals , as well as canadian radio and television signals , to 850 cable systems serving more than 1.4 million households , many of them in small , remote communities . 
england 's scotland yard already had dropped the bertillon system in favor of fingerprints after sir e. r. henry had worked out a simple way to classify them. the international association of chiefs of police ( iacp ) was the first to campaign for a central fingerprint file which would serve all police agencies . 
adapso notes that % 10 of all firms earned % 36 of the revenue in 1968 , while in 1969 % 18 of the companies earned % 83 of the revenue . the survey showed that companies in the industry in 1969 employed 120,000 persons , served 220,000 customers , and operated 2,850 computers . 
auerbach info , inc. , philadelphia , pa. for copy : circle 311 on reader card cong . jack brooks ' govops subcommittee is said to be vitally interested in establishing a cobol validation center at nbs , serving all federal agencies . 
substantial modernisation of farming techniques could be undertaken , and capital projects begun. as they pointed out in liuling , `` before the people 's commune was set up , we had begun building a dam that was to serve three different cooperative farms . 
since spain is constantly getting more automobiles , trucks , and buses , there seems certain to be continued improvement of the roads . since there are many places in spain that are not served by a railroad , bus traffic is heavy . 
conrail 's managers looked for costs to cut and found plenty. they stopped serving towns where business had shriveled , ridding the railroad of one in every four miles of its network . 
kaiser permanente is more than 45 years old. we serve nearly five million voluntarily enrolled members in 16 states and the district of columbia , and are generally regarded as a prototype of the group-practice-model hmo . 
life improved , even in calabria , a region so poor and underdeveloped that some call it `` the mezzogiorno of the mezzogiorno. '' starvation and malaria are gone ; illiteracy is rare ; a new university serves the population ; an autostrada now links rome and naples with calabria 's biggest cities . 
some states are moving to restrict untaxed entrepreneurialism. in arizona , for example , state agencies are prohibited from entering markets already served by commercial business . 
the new plant -- the company 's second in the u.s. -- will employ 550 workers when it is operating at full capacity in late 1991 , nippondenso said. a growing number of japanese auto parts makers are opening plants to serve the u.s. and canadian operations of japanese and u.s. car makers . 
`` you really ca n't consider taiwan an exporting nation. taiwan is simply a collection of international subcontractors serving the american market , '' says francis geronimi , the director of the france asia trade promotion association in taipei . 
in addition to merger-related costs , the one-time charge also includes the expense of consolidating foley 's into the retailer 's regional data processing center in atlanta. the center already serves three other federated divisions . 
tca also bought total television of amarillo , texas , for $ 51.5 million from marsh media ltd. and stauffer communications inc. of topeka , kan. the amarillo system serves 38,000 subscribers . 
but top-ranking va officials from previous administrations feel strongly that many hospitals should be closed , and their resources diverted to upgrade university-affiliated acute-care centers . veterans in these localities could be served by referral clinics , and the hospitals could be turned over to the state or to local communities . 
in 1983 , he sold policies with $ 86.5 million in coverage , the company 's all-time record for sales by a single agent. today mr. patel , now 44 , serves some 4,000 clients from his livingston , n.j. , office . 
these provisions are part of a dod plan to use essentially two data management systems if a non-ibmer wins the pending competition. one dms would serve the second standard sites ; the other , the sites to be equipped under the pending rfp . 
a 1984 study commissioned by the department of education found that public schools with high concentrations of hispanics usually `` combined a continued use of spanish language and english instruction. '' but 91 % of the schools serving mostly non-hispanic immigrants used all-english instruction . 
created in the mid-1970s from the ruins of the penn central and other ailing carriers , conrail has since restored its physical plant , slashed costs and become profitable. but now the railroad is also trying to find new markets in the industrial states it serves from new england to the midwest . 
one office was in minneapolis and three were in omaha , neb. the spokeswoman said citicorp will continue to serve its nearly 300,000 existing financial account customers . 
under the present management structure , adopted in 1969 after a two-year study by the stanford research institute , henkel 's affairs are run by the seven-man executive committee of the parent holding company , henkel gmbh , through two wholly owned operating companies . henkel & cie gmbh `` henkel europe , `` it might be called serves all of europe and accounts for 94 percent of total sales . 
mr. panfile declined to comment on whether mr. attar had made any other demands. aero serves the corporate and commercial aviation market by supplying fuel , maintenance hangar space , cleaning , baggage-handling and other services . 
he already owns trump 's and trump 's castle in atlantic city. but several sources said that rather than selling one casino , mr. trump could meet terms of the rule by closing the casino in resorts i and converting the facility into a hotel that would serve the mammoth casino in the taj mahal . 
the effect on beneficiaries has , in many cases , been devastating. while only a handful of hmos generated complaints , they served about 30 % of program beneficiaries . 
but once having enrolled them , their compensation should be marginally lower than that awarded by other insurance carriers. this will tend to make the providers marginally less interested in serving your subscribers and so will create another barrier to care delivery . 
closely held pentech is a holding company for qo chemicals inc. , its only operating subsidiary , great lakes said. great lakes added that qo chemicals , which produces certain specialty chemicals that are used to make furfuryl alcohol and other products used in foundry resins , plastics , flame-retardant building materials , oil refining and urethane systems , fits well into several markets it already serves and enhances its international presence . 
under the plan , security pacific also said it will greatly expand its automatic teller network , institute flexible hours at some branches , simplify banking services and add sales personnel to generate loans in non-traditional banking areas. mr. smith said earlier that the bank may also consolidate 3 % to 4 % of its 600 branches , which serve three million customers in california . 
like other minicomputer manufacturers , varian is finding that some of its large oem customers are feeling the financial squeeze , and the result is lagging sales to some oem 's . by concentrating more on new software , peripherals , and systems , varian is aiming to move into vertical markets serving more end users . 
the risk is that the film will land in a lab where the use of unskilled workers , dirty solutions , and sloppy printing methods will result in permanently scratched negatives and muddy prints. one solution is to find and use one of the special labs that serve professional photographers. ( the extra expense involved may be worth it . ) 
thus national companies were encouraged to establish satellite plants close to the large cities , particularly on circumferential highways which all too often had originally been planned for recreation but over which adequate controls had not been placed. thus while manufacturing generally tended to quit the center of cities , businesses that offered services had either to be nucleated so as to serve a substantial number of automobile-borne customers or remain in the central city itself . 
`` jeremy was beginning to understand why the university building was so massive. not only were there enough functioning areas to serve a small village , but the elevator-subway system took up a great deal of room between floors and in the outside walls . 
a trip on the star ferry from kowloon to hong kong island , for example , will set you back the equivalent of seven cents. serving the outlying areas of hong kong is the kowloon-canton railway corp. , which is government-owned . 
the new saturn franchises would help the dealers maintain strong profits by limiting competition among the dealers. each dealer , in return , would be required to establish a sufficient number of sales and service facilities throughout the designated territory to serve the region . 
as expected , retailers had weak sales in parts of the southwest that have been hit hard by the decline in oil prices. according to telecheck southwest , a check-authorization company serving 9,000 retailers in texas , oklahoma , new mexico and arkansas , check writing in houston plummeted 13 % from a year earlier over the 26-day period from thanksgiving to christmas eve . 
the company said it paid $ 9.5 million for sun valley cablevision inc. the cable system serves 6,300 households in idaho . 
he knew the score for a young surgeon in a town like spruce harbor . the town had thirty thousand people and potentially served another forty to fifty thousand . 
the federal energy regulatory commission approved a test of new pricing flexibility for bulk power sales among 15 public and private utilities in 10 western states. the commission unanimously approved a two-year experiment that will allow the utilities , which serve 30 million customers , flexibility to adjust rates for discretionary wholesale power sales among themselves . 
similarly , at any moment , continental 's computer is monitoring the status of reservations on 495,000 future flights. the computers measure the bookings against expectations and call attention to any flight that is off the normal pace , depending on the season , flight time , cities being served , day of the week , and whether a predominantly leisure or business market is being served . 
the company has surprised some beer-industry veterans with its distribution strategy for the five new york city boroughs and surrounding counties. instead of copying its competitors and having several beer wholesalers serve new york , coors picked only one distributor , and its choice , curiously enough , was a canada dry softdrink bottler . 
royale said that it plans to continue to fly while under chapter 11 protection from creditors ' lawsuits , and that the citicorp unit 's seizure of the planes wo n't require it to reduce further its scaled-down flight schedule. royale , which served 14 cities in louisiana , texas , mississippi and florida under its continental agreement , will lose five cities on its old routes and will add three in other areas . 
neither company would comment on capitalization of the new service. ernst & whinney , a major accounting and business consulting concern , serves more than 1,200 clients , including more than 300 retailers . 
a controversial and still unpublished study by the staff of the city administrator showed that sanitation-department collection costs are $ 49 a ton. private carting companies , which serve restaurants , hotels , and many other private businesses , do the same job for $ 17^50 a ton . 
`` they give me the best treatment , '' says mike garcia , an officer of the leather goods , plastic and novelty workers ' union , who says he banks at amalgamated because of its labor roots. amalgamated has reported 44 consecutive years of profit and has grown to $ 1.47 billion in assets by serving two overlapping constituencies : middle-class consumers and organized labor . 
and it said there would be increased possibilities for collusion among title insurance companies using such information in los angeles county. the consent agreement also bars alleghany for 10 years from acquiring additional interest in any such centralized record systems , commonly called title plants , serving either area . 
in the filing , the six-year-old company said that it has been a `` development stage '' enterprise for much of its existence and sustained big losses as it financed the construction of its network. the carrier uses satellites for transmitting conversations and data and serves several hundred customers in 19 cities . 
the airline also said it will drop its one daily flight between newark , n.j. , and kansas city , effective jan. 23. a spokesman said the company decided that serving miami provided a `` better utilization '' of its planes than did the service to newark . 
it prescribes institutions to further the defense , the extension and the enrichment of the transcendent kingdom of ideas , knowledge and creativity. regarding man as both creator and subject of the kingdom , the institutions will serve him in his most unique and precious essence . 
he would n't be more specific. the facilities served by vha supply represent 20 % of all community hospital beds in the country . 
mr. albani wants to bring sunbeam 's profit margins to 10 % , well above the industry average. he thinks that 's possible , despite the saturation of the small-appliance market , by pushing innovative new products , such as its hugely successful oskar food processor , and by expanding into markets sunbeam does n't yet serve , such as low-priced irons . 
the airlines do compete on three non-stop routes : los angeles-phoenix ; los angeles-san francisco and los angeles-san diego. but because other carriers also serve these markets and because usair is a `` relatively minor participant '' along these routes , the merger would n't substantially decrease competition , the department argued . 
a recent survey finds that high percentages of the various helping professions claim to offer marriage counseling : it is generally recognized that some professional services are more competent and effective than others. most communities have mental health centers , guidance services , family service bureaus , and accredited marriage counselors who can be expected to serve a troubled marriage or a suffering married individual well . 
finally , the school had to be within reasonable traveling time of ibm 's mohansic laboratory and of columbia university . montclair high school is a comprehensive high school serving grades 9 through 12 , and is the only high school in this suburb , whose population is ethnically and socioeconomically heterogeneous . 
together , the two have close to 20 million cable subscribers , but there are more than 40 million cable subscribers , half of whom are n't buying extra pay networks. an hbo spokesman said the company will offer festival through its existing 7,000 cable systems serving most of the nation 's subscribers . 
the companies are st. paul & suburban bus co. of st. paul , minn. , klines school & charter bus co. of naperville , ill. , and george h. hoenes jr. inc. of cologne , n.j. ryder said the purchases make the company the third-largest private operator of school buses in the country with 3,700 buses serving about 140 school districts in 11 states . 
the regional bell holding company 's shares also are traded in london and switzerland , as well as on the new york and other u.s. stock exchanges. ameritech 's units serve illinois , indiana , michigan , ohio and wisconsin . 
an american television spokesman said the transaction was announced at the time of the initial public offering , but required city and state clearance before it could be completed. manhattan cable , which serves 228,000 households in the southern half of manhattan , was time 's last cable operating property not owned by american television . 
the owner and operator of cable tv systems also said it is considering a public offering that could include both debt and equity , but that terms of any offerings have n't been determined. the rigas family , of which john j. rigas , adelphia 's president and chief executive officer , is a member , owns cable tv systems serving a total of about 87,000 subscribers in suburban pittsburgh , eastern massachusetts , michigan , western new york , ohio and vermont . 
the rating concern cited louisiana regulators ' approval this week of a $ 57 million emergency rate increase for gulf states customers in that state. gulf states , which serves the slumping petrochemical-producing region of the gulf coast , has been seeking higher rates to pay for its $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisville , la . 
one of its papers has installed a general-purpose computer with composition software to handle a number of functions including storing , sorting , and retrieving classified advertisement and wire service copy . the computer also serves a sister paper via data-phone link . 
henkel 's parent produces consumer products and specialty chemicals. as previously reported , pipeline repairs have halted production at the flotta terminal , which serves the piper , scapa and claymore fields operated by the occidental unit and two fields operated by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc. , white plains , n.y . 
wagner and brown contributed capital and their own talents and information to the partnership to be used for acquisition of unocal stock. target shareholders are served by a legal system that makes it possible for takeover specialists to share information with others without a formal pre-offer partnership agreement . 
what we have here -- a bunch of different theaters struggling to survive , each one with a distinct voice -- is a hybrid that is more exciting and more spontaneously indigenous to this country. '' in order to show support for the resident companies that already exist in this country , mr. bell raised about $ 85,000 from private foundations and individuals and secured the storm king grounds with its 240-seat walter reade theater ( it normally serves a private high school during the school year ) for the summer . 
first carolina operates 21 cable systems in nashville and knoxville , tenn. , georgia , south carolina , virginia , north carolina , kentucky , ohio and arizona. the mccaw systems mr. cooke acquired last january serve 42 markets in the u.s. including tucson , ariz. , syracuse , n.y. , southern oregon and southern washington state . 
but it had potential . it served the entire east coast , and i believed that someday there would be extensive travel between new york and florida by air . 
ipalco enterprises inc. said its mid-america capital resources inc. unit completed the sale of the assets of indianapolis cablevision inc. for $ 151.3 million to comcast cable leasing partners l.p. the assets consist of a cable television system serving about 82,000 subscribers in indiana . 
this spiral stair , known as the `` snail , `` adjoins palazzo contarini del bovolo , the residence of a noble family in the early 1500 's . today , like many restored palaces , it is divided into apartments and offices served by an elevator . 
michael j. madden was named to the newly created post of vice president , physical distribution. mr. madden , who takes responsibility for 18 warehouse distribution centers that serve this toy retailer 's 271 stores , was most recently with jewel food stores , a division of american stores co . 
the criticism about selectivity has encouraged a few communities to develop their own training efforts and has slowly changed some jtpa programs. last year , new york city spent $ 12.3 million on its own education and jobs program for 16-to-21-year-olds after it found that jtpa served just 5.5 % of the 232,600 youths in the city who qualified -- and that , although one objective of the program was to make sure that participants did n't drop out of high school , half of those helped already had high-school diplomas . 
the two-year college serves a broad cross section of the nation 's youth , including those who want to prepare themselves as rapidly as possible to compete on the job market ; those who have not taken full advantage of previous educational opportunities and are still seeking to `` find themselves `` ; those for whom family obligations make `` going away to college `` difficult , if not impossible ; the disadvantaged who need help in overcoming the limitations of their earlier schooling , the ambitious but impecunious students who seek educational opportunity near home , as well as the academically capable individuals who desire the relatively sheltered environment of a small college during their transition from adolescence to young adulthood. in some cases a single institution is asked to serve virtually the whole range of students on a single campus and some do so with notable success . 
in addition , signet 80 beginning this month will provide message processing between various offices of a brokerage , making it ideal for this type of firm. it is not intended to serve very large firms , however ; nor is it aimed at the smallest brokerages . 
and it said it was expanding its investigation to three more airports because atlanta 's scheduling problems probably `` are n't an isolated case. '' the major carriers serving the chicago , boston and dallas-fort worth airports are american , united , piedmont , continental , usair , delta and eastern . 
talley also would receive an option to purchase as many as 283,235 shares of authorized but unissued common stock of east-west at $ 8 a share. east-west , which had $ 301 million in assets as of dec. 31 , has 11 branch offices that primarily serve the chinese-american community , talley said . 
ms. aulenti prefers a meshlike chain link material. the fancy dining room that once served the hotel in the station has neo-rococo ceilings featuring pastel goddesses . 
in elkhart , kan. , forrest cameron is struggling to hang on to his 22-year-old farm equipment dealership. farmers in the four counties he serves already have enrolled about 600,000 acres in the conservation reserve program . 
the company said operations are expected to begin this summer. the bakery in west germany will have the capacity to produce 3,000 dozen buns per hour , and will serve 130 mcdonald 's restaurants in the northern section of the country . 
the iadb had approved two earlier loans , totaling $ 440 million , for the same project. brazil will receive two loans , each amounting to $ 100 million , to help finance industrial projects in the northeast region of the country and for an expansion of the public water system serving brasilia , the country 's capital city . 
alan kassan , an analyst at shearson lehman brothers inc. , said he raised his estimate of viacom 's market value to $ 55 a share from $ 50 because of the recent appreciation in values for cable television systems. cable systems have been changing hands at increasingly higher prices recently , and viacom owns cable systems serving about 940,000 subscribers . 
he now takes on the additional position of chief executive officer , succeeding weldon w. case , 66 , mid-continent telephone 's founder. mr. case , who will continue to serve as chairman of alltel , forged his career in a similarly single-minded style. founding mid-continent telephone in 1960 , he built it from five small ohio telephone companies into a network serving nearly a million customers in 19 states . 
the transaction includes j.b.n. 's independent communications inc. unit , a fairview , kan. , provider of communications services to the defense department , the telecommunications concern said. j.b.n. telephone serves 2,500 access lines in 13 exchanges in north central kansas , contel said . 
certain thrift institutions had sought the loan-limit freeze , contending that the index inflates the purchase ceiling above the level congress intended. freddie mac was intended to help moderate-income homebuyers , but by increasing the size of mortgages the company buys , the index results in it serving more affluent buyers , the critics said . 
under the agreement , kodak paid $ 6.30 a share for international biotechnologies ' 2.4 million shares outstanding , and acquired stock options under the company 's convertible debt. the seven-year-old international biotechnologies , with annual sales of about $ 7 million , serves the molecular biology market . 
but , the sources added , a reconstituted air atlanta would n't likely include michael r. hollis , the 33-year-old lawyer who in 1984 launched the airline. operating out of its atlanta hub , it eventually served nine cities . 
gencorp inc. said it probably wo n't close the sale of its new jersey station wor-tv to gth-100 , an mca inc. subsidiary , until next year. the tire , chemical , aerospace and broadcasting concern expects to realize about $ 250 million after taxes from the sale of the station , which serves the new york market . 
transportation secretary elizabeth dole granted antitrust immunity to airlines serving chicago 's o'hare and atlanta 's hartsfield airports so they can jointly set schedules in an effort to curb flight delays . 
on another issue , an occidental spokesman said yesterday that bad weather in the north sea continued to prevent repair work on an oil pipeline and extended the disruption of output from occidental 's fields there to the 12th day in a row. pipeline repairs have halted production at the flotta terminal , which serves the piper , scapa and claymore fields operated by occidental and two fields operated by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc . 
increases in tuition , which have helped white colleges keep pace with growing operating costs , are hardly the answer for black colleges. most of them were founded to serve indigent or poverty-stricken students , and they continue to attract youngsters from relatively poor families . 
royale airlines , a regional carrier serving 14 cities in the oil patch , said it expects to seek chapter 11 protection under the federal bankruptcy code . 
martin marietta corp. said southern new england telephone co. agreed to join its team seeking a federal telecommunications contract with an estimated value of $ 4.5 billion over 10 years. the aerospace and data-systems concern said southern new england telephone , a new haven , conn.-based independent phone company serving most of connecticut , is an important addition to its team because of the substantial number of federal facilities in connecticut . 
from friends in washington and new york , poston learned that a couple of new york 's largest street gangs had forsaken their bloody wars and other criminal activities in favor of a comprehensive effort to reform the ghetto . they had established a riot-prevention force , a street academy serving 1,600 high-school dropouts , a day-care center , and a whole panoply of social services . 
terms were n't disclosed. crs said it would retain a 49 % interest in sirrine environmental consultants inc. , a design , engineering and construction company serving power plants , waste companies and other companies involved in handling hazardous and toxic substances . 
mr. amoroso was traveling and could n't be reached for comment. mr. teasley , 50 , most recently was managing director of coca-cola soft drinks ltd. , the company 's bottling unit that serves london and southern england . 
but the real action has come in the past two years , when murdoch magazines launched a u.s. version of the french fashion magazine elle in a joint venture with french publisher hachette publications inc. , purchased new woman and european travel & life , launched automobile and acquired ziff-davis inc. 's 13 business publications for $ 350 million. using the ziff-davis trade publications , murdoch magazines now is exploring some ambitious electronic publishing products to serve the travel and aviation industries . 
repetitive housekeeping functions are provided automatically , requiring less coding . cosmos programs are compatible with each other , further reducing production codes , with one environment serving all processing . 
frontier , a state-chartered stock association with assets of $ 6.9 million , was closed by state regulators. its office wo n't reopen , and frontier customers will be served through first federal 's branch in fairbanks . 
at the same time the decision-making bodies were merged in a single council of ministers , also in brussels . the court of justice , serving the community as a whole , sits in luxembourg . 
they call for more testing , but only voluntary testing. they reject out of hand proposals for routine testing of individuals upon certain occasions : for example , for some or all of those admitted to hospitals , for those being treated at clinics serving `` high-risk '' populations , for couples seeking marriage licenses , and for prison inmates . 
the disaster was the first fatal accident for psa since the 1978 collision of an airliner with a small plane over its headquarters city of san diego killed 144. its popular los angeles-san francisco commuter service is the airline 's largest single route , serving the nation 's most heavily traveled air corridor . 
some tv disc tracks are connected to tv displays , while other tracks feed d / a converters driving headphones. the prototype does not actually serve 128 terminals , but uses six actual terminals , with the remainder software-simulated . 
irvin 's route led us up a creek called nealy branch , then across two lonely high mountains , until it reached the birthplace of another creek , called hollybush . we followed this creek down toward the tiny community of pippa passes , where the post office is on the campus of picturesque alice lloyd college , which serves the youth of that isolated area . 
further , while the data processing or computer specialist has traditionally been in charge , mr. mcfall believes this will change , and that the communications specialist will eventually become responsible for the management and direction of the merged information and communications systems . in any case , we will surely see the emergence of national and global information processing utilities , serving hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions of subscribers on a time-sharing basis . 
they built a rural electric line near the town of red wing , minnesota. it was only six miles long and was designed to serve the twenty farms located along its route . 
those who were able to went out of town during the summer week-ends , or stayed behind their hedges . june and her mother lived over the corner shop of half a dozen that served such an area . 
berg says optran 's circuitry and components are good for `` thousands of hours of uninterrupted service , `` and installing the equipment `` requires minimum technical skill. `` datran plans to use this system in cities , to serve clusters of customers . 
the three were the last of the seven regional bell holding companies to report results , which overall were among the least robust posted since the 1984 breakup of the bell system. the earnings growth of englewood , colo.-based u s west masked weak performance by its basic telephone operations , which serve a sparsely populated and economically anemic region of 14 western states , analysts said. the results of bell atlantic and especially bellsouth showed solid growth of their basic telephone operations , underscoring the strong regional economies the two companies serve . 
dragonair has made some progress in the 20 months since it began flights to the east malaysian city of kota kinabalu. today , it flies to 14 cities in japan , thailand and china , and also has authorization from the hong kong government to serve 34 asian cities , although it must await country-to-country negotiations for landing rights to these places . 
education department officials said the proposal will be included in the fiscal 1988 budget request for the chapter 1 program , which provides funding for remedial education. the request would boost chapter 1 's budget for the year beginning oct. 1 to $ 4.1 billion from $ 3.9 billion and increase the number of students served to 5.5 million from five million . 
under the pressure of free and compulsory education the literacy rate improved almost daily . up to about the 1890 's mass production was moving steadily up a high road , and the media which could have served it were still moving along a low road . 
he said he chose piedmont , however , because the number of carriers offering transatlantic service would be increased. `` the policy of maximizing the number of carriers in the u.s.-london market makes it ( piedmont ) the clear choice over american , which serves london already from dallas/fort worth , '' the judge said . 
an institution that can spend $ 20 billion on a water-projects bill , but wo n't give federal officials a long overdue raise at a teensy fraction of the pork barrel 's cost is easy to ridicule. the public , however , is poorly served by a system that has pretty much reduced national politics to the level of a game measured in won-loss records . 
inflationary expectations will persist , they say , and those expectations -- rather than underlying fundamentals -- could continue to drive commodity prices higher in the months ahead. those expectations `` are n't going to disappear , '' says albert a. gross , chief economist in the new york office of refco inc. , a large futures and options firm serving institutional clients . 
desks were discarded relics of the grade school. the only bathroom in each apartment had to serve one hundred and fifty youngsters . 
the bank board retained the failed thrift 's assets of $ 120.8 million for liquidation. united will serve customers of the failed thrift at the park city office for two weeks before closing that facility . 
only commercial banks i.e. , those typically engaged in financing production and distribution through short-term lending to business are eligible for the list. some banks that have large assets and engage in commercial operations are excluded because they are primarily savings banks or because they serve a specialized clientele . 
terra nova , based in gander , newfoundland , serves 50,000 subscribers in parts of newfoundland and labrador , and is expected to report net income for 1987 of four million canadian dollars ( $ 3.1 million ) on revenue of 46 million dollars. northwestel , based in whitehorse , the yukon , serves 35,000 subscribers in the yukon , the northwest territories and northern british columbia , and is expected to report 1987 net income of 7.6 million dollars on revenue of 67 million dollars . 
medicaid spending on aids will jump sixfold to $ 2.4 billion annually by fiscal 1992 from $ 400 million this year , a top federal health official told members of president reagan 's aids commission at their first public meeting. federal funds will have to pay for more than half the expenditures of the medicaid program serving about 40 % of the acquired immune deficiency syndrome population nationwide and 65 % of the patients in some high-incidence areas such as new york city . 
in turn , the telecommunications giant will be the exclusive outside supplier to western digital for devices known as cmos wafers , small circular platters of computer chips that work faster and cooler than most current semiconductors. william warwick , at & t division president , said the pact will significantly boost its cmos business and give at & t , a recent newcomer in selling chips to other companies , access to customers long served by its new partner . 
no more. distressed by the escalating costs of medical care , businesses and the insurance companies that serve them are beginning to shuck the role of passive bill-payer . 
continental yesterday abandoned what it had called the `` biggest airline ticket giveaway ever '' after madison square garden in new york and the meadowlands sports facility in nearby east rutherford , n.j. , refused to host the giveaway. continental , a texas air corp. unit , wanted to celebrate sunday the airline 's becoming the largest carrier serving the new york area . 
the computer industry practices what it preaches. its high-tech members are moving rapidly into a world in which computers design computers made by robots controlled by still other computers , all to serve customers who will place orders -- by computer. ( if one of these new machines has a bug , it can call yet another computer for help . ) 
the partnership that started out with 14 members and four earth stations now boasts 83 members with 53 stations in 39 countries . by 1973 it will have 70 earth stations and be serving every heavily populated area of the free world . 
utilicorp united inc. said it completed the acquisition of west kootenay power & light co. from vancouver , british columbia-based cominco ltd. , a mining concern , for $ 61 million. the utility said west kootenay , a hydroelectric utility that serves 97,000 customers , had 1986 revenue of $ 44.5 million . 
transtar airlines , a subsidiary of dallas-based southwest airlines , said it will form a commuter airline with closely held rio airways to serve six texas cities . 
and the big banks take advantage of this weakness by insisting that the small banks keep on deposit unusually heavy non-earning balances. in general , the small banks serve their local communities very poorly . 
gull air inc. , a commuter airline that serves the boston and miami markets , sued texas air corp. and its chief executive officer , frank lorenzo , alleging `` predatory business practices aimed at the destruction of gull air . '' 
moreover , most major japanese concerns have rapidly moved production , or at least , final assembly , to the u.s. sony , for example , has announced plans to expand its color-tv plant in san diego , calif. matsushita has two facilities , including one in vancouver , wash. , to serve the ge contract . 
shares in most major u.s. corporations are bought and sold ( traded , in wall street jargon ) on the new york stock exchange ; their younger and more speculative competitors show up on the curb ; and most of the rest , comprising tens of thousands of companies , large and small , are found over-the-counter . besides the major exchanges , there are at least fifteen others , the most important being the handful of markets serving detroit , boston , pittsburgh , baltimore , chicago , san francisco and their respective environs . 
the bell telecommunications company is based in philadelphia. it serves pennsylvania , new jersey , delaware , maryland , virginia , west virginia and washington , d.c . 
`` i 'm tired of accumulating facts for the sake of facts. let science be lost if it does n't serve us . '' 
nwa acquired republic last august. moody 's said that because republic 's route systems will have to be `` fine-tuned '' to better serve northwest 's pacific routes , benefits from the merger will not be immediate . 
mrs. dole contends that serious scheduling problems at the two airports require rescheduling flights from extremely busy times to less congested hours. the transportation department secretary also granted `` conditional immunity '' to carriers serving five other airports -- dallas-fort worth , boston , denver , philadelphia and newark , n.j . 
the bid is being made by the company 's mark iv acquisition corp. unit. the offer fits mark iv 's strategy of buying specialty manufacturers that serve niche markets considered too small for large companies and too complicated and expensive for small companies . 
mr. kramer will also help market a product that has found growing acceptance with a large body of users , both within the u.s. and internationally. the data communications market that telematics serves is still in its infancy . 
the states were incapable of coping with the national , indeed international , economic collapse. the constitution must be broadly interpreted to enable the central power to serve the general welfare . 
it also is one that the 52-year-old mr. gardini manages to escape from -- venice is some 80 miles from his office and principal home in ravennan -- early every weekend. there 's a telephone in the wood-paneled elevator that serves ca'dario 's wood-paneled dining room , but mr. gardini gives the distinct impression that any calls had better be important . 
but as the distinction begins to blur between personal computers and more sophisticated workstations , both in terms of price and performance , market opportunities broaden for both industries. indeed , mr. mcnealy said he would like to see sun expand its markets down into areas traditionally served by personal computer manufacturers -- such as more conventional office automation -- even as personal computer makers are attempting to move into more sophisticated markets . 
the fight , of course , is the long-running and bitter battle between long island lighting co. ( lilco ) and political forces that include , most importantly , those of new york governor mario cuomo. in the narrowest and most superficial sense , the quarrel is over whether lilco 's shoreham nuclear-power plant represents a threat to the safety of the heavily populated area it is intended to serve . 
it has noted that arlington , va.-based usair and winston-salem , n.c.-based piedmont compete against each other on 21 nonstop routes , mostly in the northeast , and are the only competitors on nine of those. but james weiss , head of the justice department 's transportation section , said his agency found that the threat of heightened competition from delta air lines , allegis corp. 's united airlines , amr corp. 's american airlines and nwa inc. 's northwest airlines , which also serve a substantial part of the northeast , would deter the merger partners from raising fares or cutting service . 
national intergroup inc. said its national steel corp. unit and marubeni corp. will build a $ 17 million facility to serve the automotive industry . 
`` there always seems to be some knot in the hose , '' says relle moore , plant manager at e.j. snyder inc. , a textile-finishing company in albemarle , n.c. mr. moore figures snyder would save $ 100,000 annually if it could buy `` transportation '' gas , as the industry calls gas purchased directly from a producer. but snyder has been unable to persuade transco energy co. , the only interstate pipeline operator serving north carolina , to provide it with transportation service . 
it has clouded the future of the institutions that up to now have borne much of the burden of educating the teachers , lawyers , ministers , and other leaders of black america . now the colleges , particularly the private ones , that traditionally have served blacks are in serious trouble , and the continued existence of many of them is in doubt . 
small freight items and passengers travel in privately owned station wagons , nine-passenger limousines , or small buses that operate independently and make at least one round trip daily from the country districts to the island 's main town . honolulu has a city transit system , with regular frequent schedules serving most neighborhoods in the city and its suburbs . 
huron county had come far since his last visit . the crowded airport now served two national and three regional airlines . 
should the company 's banks remain unwilling to extend further credit , he said , gulf states probably would be forced to try raising the necessary funds through a sale of `` junk bonds -- `` high-risk , high-yielding securities , probably debentures , that probably would yield 11.75 % to 12 % . gulf states , which serves a wide area of texas and louisiana , has been struggling to obtain higher rates to pay for its $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisville , la . 
for example , i-5 through seattle , the most complex freeway of all , is credited with saving this bottle-shaped city from strangulation. on one stretch , in the morning , 8 of the 12 lanes that serve the business district carry high-speed incoming traffic . 
the loose groupings of city interests who have fought the interstate with lawsuits and civil disturbances are being joined by growing numbers of suburban residents. the close-in suburbanites are alarmed at plans to expand existing highways and build new loops and radials to serve the new outer suburbs . 
against this background , in october , 1970 , there came a letter to the ftc from representative joe l. evins of tennessee . the tva , which serves evins ' constituents , had just raised its electricity rates 25 percent . 
since october , the unit 's three top executives -- who are among the candidates for the vacant position -- have been reporting directly to mr. shipley. they are alan m. silverstein , 39 , senior vice president in charge of the credit card business ; morgan b. stark , 47 , executive vice president for private banking , which serves affluent customers ; and william h. turner , 46 , executive vice president in charge of new york-area retail banking operations . 
the report said `` the federal government should initiate a program of widespread , long-term experiments in welfare policy through state-sponsored and community-based demonstration projects. '' mr. hobbs included in welfare some 59 means-tested programs ( those in which benefits are restricted to people in certain income categories ) that serve 52 million americans and cost $ 132 billion in fiscal 1985 . 
about 100,000 of the shares will be redeemed under sinking fund provisions for the issue ; the remaining 150,000 shares are being redeemed at the company 's option. consumers power , based in jackson , mich. , is michigan 's largest utility , serving six million residents . 
the lawsuit charged national fuel 's utility subsidiary , national fuel gas distribution corp. , with breach of a contract to purchase synthetic natural gas from ashland. national fuel , which serves natural gas customers in pennsylvania and new york , had been buying the synthetic gas from ashland since 1972 , under a contract that was to run through 1984 . 
`` he has the kind of commercial savvy we need , '' said a company official. `` he understands the industrial markets we serve . '' 
in fiscal 1987 , mesaba had revenue of $ 21.8 million. mesaba , with 385 employees , serves 21 markets in six states , carrying passengers to and from northwest 's giant hub at the minneapolis/st . 
visitors literally pop in. the kuggery 's size makes two and sometimes three seal-oil lamps a must , but at the same time the extra lamps serve more people . 
there have been too few rational decisions regarding the organization of the computer. too often edp organization just happens without analysis as to how best to fit the power of the computer to serve the corporation . 
through qo chemicals , pentech produces certain specialty chemicals that are used to make furfuryl alcohol and other products used in foundry resins , plastics , flame retardant building materials , oil refining and urethane systems. great lakes said qo 's specialty chemical line fits well into several markets it already serves and enhances its international presence . 
founded only 10 years ago by a group led by sherwin memel , an intense man with an expertise in health-care law , it was for a time one of the nation 's fastest-growing law firms. it focused on serving clients in the growing health-care industry such as health maintenance organizations , for-profit hospitals and health-care insurers . 
shortly afterward , the florida insurance department took charge of the company 's day-to-day management , saying its financial statements showed it to be insolvent. international medical serves 170,000 patients in florida , 79 % of whom are medicare recipients . 
we 'd forgotten to put in the deck plugs . `` they hauled her out and for some thirty years the gee whiz served us nobly . 
transtar airlines is offering special senior citizens discount fares that range from $ 15 to $ 59 each way in the 12 markets it serves . 
`` they are strapped at a critical time , '' according to one analyst who declined to be identified. the company regularly touts its world-wide capital markets capabilities to serve giant multinationals . 
usair , based in washington , operates primarily in the east and midwest. pacific southwest , based in san diego , serves 29 airports , mostly on the west coast . 
texas oil & gas corp. , a unit of usx corp. , said it agreed to construct an intrastate natural gas pipeline in south texas in partnership with northern indiana public service co. the proposed 110-mile pipeline would provide additional capacity from the lobo trend area to pipelines in south texas that serve most u.s. markets , the companies said . 
trans world airlines , for example , has drastically reduced its planning force and eliminated layers of management under carl icahn , who controls the carrier. american airlines , which once stationed a controller 's office at each airport it served , now has a total of four controllers across the country . 
the utility holding company said its peoples natural gas division is primarily involved in the distribution of natural gas , rather than in transmission. the 800-mile gathering and transmission system serves south central kansas , the company said . 
bendigo , called after an english boxer , has managed to avoid the fate of so many places that , launched by the gold rush of 1851 , were subsequently left like stranded whales by the ebbing of the golden tide . now it is a market town serving a prosperous farming area , with a few smallish industries and a substantial population of the retired well-to-do . 
some had been built already and seven families had moved in. the foundations of seven more were being laid and ready to serve them were a health clinic and a community building where adult education and vocational training classes were under way . 
the rate rollback reflects in part the new lower federal tax rate. consolidated edison , which serves new york city and westchester county , has n't had a rate increase since 1983 . 
`` if you want a president who 's different , `` i said , `` vote for my opponents , because both of them are different from the vast majority of us. for the last 2-1/2 years they have belonged to a smooth-running , efficient and thoroughly unimaginative government which has forgotten the students it is supposed to serve . 
the legislation authorizes spending to modernize the nation 's air-traffic control system , hire 1,000 additional air-traffic controllers , and make airport improvements. it would also extend for 10 years the essential air service program , which provides subsidies to airlines serving small and medium-sized communities that might otherwise have inadequate service . 
bendix corp. , southfield , mich. for information : circle 523 on reader card up to 64 asynchronous circuits using private phone lines , or switched twx , telex , or wats lines in any combination , can be accommodated by this firm 's initial product in the digital telecommunications market. called redecom , the unit also handles up to three synchronous circuits using the binary synchronous communications mode to serve up to 512 terminals . 
the 12 districts , in turn , would be required to vote within 18 months on consolidating into six districts. stockholders in production credit associations and land bank associations that serve the same geographic area would then vote on merging . 
atlantic richfield 's primary concern appeared to be the alaskan oil that it and humble had struck , which it wanted to bring to the east coast . the company viewed machias as the prospective site of a new refinery using some combination of regular domestic , alaskan , and foreign crude and serving the new england and other eastern markets . 
amtrak should be privatized not only to remove its burden on taxpayers but to find out exactly where and in what form intercity rail transportation is economically viable. the postal service argues that its privatization would disadvantage remote , hard-to-service areas that are now cross-subsidized , but the parcel services that already compete with uncle sam do n't seem to have trouble finding ways to serve customers . 
it is expected to be completed in the spring of 1988. colgate said it chose the site because its location can best serve the company 's midwest and northeast markets . 
if an airline has mistreated you , file a complaint with the civil aeronautics board in washington , d.c. do n't expect immediate results from these letters. some critics believe that the federal regulatory agencies have much more sympathy with the industries they regulate than with the customers whom those industries serve and there is a good deal of evidence to support this view . 
it was $ 98 a year ago. fares are also rising in a few markets that are n't even dominated by a carrier , particularly if people express served the market . 
american telephone & telegraph co. said the treasury awarded it an $ 86 million contract for a digital telecommunications system. at & t is to provide a 26,000-line switching system to serve all treasury offices in metropolitan washington . 
youth plan is fairly practical between big airports that schedule plenty of flights for you to fall back on , but it 's perilous between two-flights-a-day towns. what 's more , small airlines ( which serve small towns ) do n't honor the youth plan but have plans of their own , most of them less economical . 
century said it expects to be joined in the acquisition and management of community cablevision by ml media partners l.p. , its partner in the puerto rican cable-tv company it already operates. century said it owns or operates 45 cable-tv systems that serve 690,000 primary subscribers in 21 states and puerto rico . 
the transportation department gave final approval to american airlines to acquire aci holdings inc. for $ 225 million. the department said the takeover would n't substantially reduce competition on routes served by both american and aci holdings ' unit , aircal , because other carriers provide competitive service . 
rollins burdick , an insurance brokerage concern , said it will merge adams & porter with its texas operations. the company said the acquisition will significantly strengthen its commitment to serve the southwest and bring expertise in the field of marine and energy insurance . 
texas air corp. 's continental airlines unit criticized the rule because it applies only to the 27 largest airports. the carrier , which said it will ask that the rule be expanded to include all markets served by the carriers , said consumers also should be given a single number indicating an airline 's on-time performance throughout the system . 
the credit card operations , bank of america card services , has assets of about $ 26 million. it serves 115,000 cardholders and 35,000 merchants in the west german market . 
the utilities plan to use the additional revenue for plant investments and operating expenses , the company added. manchester gas serves about 18,000 customers in the manchester area . 
while there is no doubt that the c. c. r. position would be endorsed by most young people entering business today , it raises at least as many questions as it answers. it can be argued that , within the boundaries set by law and social custom , business should indeed maximize profits if it is to operate efficiently and truly serve society well . 
the new president and chief executive officer says the company is approached by potential suitors `` all the time. '' they come mostly from the publishing industry , which hammond serves . 
a display features the latest in electric heat pumps. in the `` video center , '' businessmen thinking about setting up shop in georgia can punch a button and see every available industrial site in the state that is served by georgia powerplus a videotaped introduction to georgia by southern co. chairman edward addison , either in english or dubbed in japanese or german . 
the notes , which could have been payable next march 31 , represented a potential liability of about $ 20 million. the company , which serves markets in electronic and electrical parts , custom-engineered products and swimming pools , said elimination of the notes will raise shareholder equity 11 % as it carried $ 7.5 million of the potential liability on its balance sheet at the end of the second quarter . 
nynex corp. increased its quarterly dividend 9.2 % , to 95 cents a share from 87 cents , payable may 1 to shares of record march 31. the company said the dividend reflects a confidence in its ability to tap `` the great potential of the expanding markets we serve . '' 
but with europe in a slump , jobs are hard to come by. the executive-placement firms usually serve only the largest british corporations and have little contact with smaller companies that might hire an american if they knew he was available . 
the debt and interest would be exchanged for as much as $ 8.6 million face amount of 12 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 ; as much as $ 23.6 million face amount of 9.35 % convertible debentures due 1997 ; as many as 16.5 million digicon common shares ; and as much as $ 22.1 million face amount of extinguishable debt certificates. digicon , a surveying and data-processing concern that serves the oil industry , said the certificates will expire without value if the new senior subordinated notes and convertible debentures are redeemed , retired or converted in a timely manner . 
the wholesale food distributor , which operates nationwide , attributed the results to `` difficulties in northern california where divisions have been affected by an excessive inventory buildup and resulting increases in expenses. '' the company said it recently closed a distribution facility in richmond , calif. , that served about 360 retail food stores because the facility was `` small and could n't be renovated or enlarged . '' 
under mr. ely , who became chief executive in early 1985 , convergent has embarked on a new strategy to create what it calls a `` federation '' of software companies specializing in applications for small businesses. mr. smith said convergent 's software activities , including subsidiaries serving auto dealerships , beverage distributorships and lumber yards , currently account for about a third of the company 's revenue , with the remainder coming from convergent 's traditional original-equipment , or oem , computer businesses . 
they are britain and france , heading a european consortium , and , more recently , japan and china. all have run into difficulties in designing large rocket boosters ; the european group , which wants to develop a regional communication satellite of its own to serve western europe , has had special difficulties . 
sunday , dec. 28 , 9-10 p.m. et , on wnyw in new york ; various dates and times in other markets served by orbis communications ( check local listings ) : `` the entrepreneurs , program iii , expanding america . '' 
the utility said it expects a decision by may , but that it has n't yet decided when it might take the write-down. wppss , a municipal power supply system , undertook an ambitious plan to build five nuclear power plants to serve the northwest . 
it was divided into pens of various sizes by heavy wire mesh stretched between a framework of tubing , so that the caged animals were always in sight of anyone in the four personnel corridors which ran fore and aft along the sides of the enclosure. the food and water dispensers also differed in size and complexity , and were fitted to the common wall between two cages so as to serve both . 
similarly , lack of space at lackawanna demanded construction of huge cylindrical filtering tanks , spread around different parts of the plant , in which process water is now filtered to crystal clarity before it is released back into lake erie. at burns harbor , where low-slung buildings stretch over 3,300 acres of land , bethlehem engineers were able to build a central treatment facility to serve the entire plant . 
mr. fickling said the company will concentrate on its psychiatric facilities , which represent its most profitable segment. `` we have an aggressive expansion program to bring freestanding psychiatric hospitals to communities that have n't been served , '' he said . 
they spent years building a company that many people in this predominantly black city had hoped would anchor a strong black business sector. the company still serves the community , but the new owner is white . 
he said sas also wants to determine the outcome of talks that could lead to the liberalization of air travel between the u.s. and scandinavia. sas hopes to receive approval from u.s. authorities to fly to an unlimited number of american destinations , instead of the four u.s. cities it currently can serve . 
most open their doors to ventures of any kind. but now , newer incubators are taking a page from company founders themselves by adopting niche strategies and serving specific industry segments . 
piedmont 's baltimore hub and usair 's hub in washington would give the new company a strong presence in the region. moreover , the merger would combine two of the best balance sheets in the industry along with similar pay scales , compatible fleets of medium-range aircraft and a common history of prospering by serving second-tier hubs like pittsburgh and charlotte , n.c . 
trygve mhyren , chief executive officer of time inc. 's 80 % -owned american television & communications inc. , says , `` we would n't pay $ 2,000 ( per subscriber ) for everything , but we 're willing to do it for things that make sense , '' for example , systems that are geographically contiguous to existing american television markets. mr. mhyren says that since last august his company has bought cable systems serving 80,000 subscribers at prices ranging between $ 1,200 and $ 2,000 per subscriber . 
the wall street journal/europe will transmit full-page images of each issue via satellite from its printing center in heerlen , the netherlands , to the ringier plant. the plant will serve subscribers and newsstand buyers in switzerland , italy , austria , and southern germany . 
but mr. zeeman maintained that ual has been able to achieve several cost savings. for example , the company can demand discount prices from suppliers who want to serve both united and hertz . 
the proposed purchase is in line with convergent 's strategy , under paul c. ely , chairman and chief executive officer , to create what it has called a federation of software companies specializing in applications for small businesses. the software activities serve , for example , auto dealers , beverage distributors and lumber yards . 
as a trade association serving 1,250 of the u.s. 's and canada 's finest health , racquet and athletic clubs , we winced when we read your april 3 second-front-page article `` fiscal fitness : efforts to regulate health clubs fail to end abuses . '' 
public service has said it has enough cash to pay its bills until the end of the year. eastern maine , which serves about 9,400 rural customers , has annual revenue of about $ 6.5 million , said james l. dean iii , general manager . 
`` the only news that moved the market at all ( friday ) has been the continuing debate about whether the ( reagan ) administration is willing to let the dollar fall further , '' said daniel o'connell , senior dealer at first national bank of chicago. mr. o'connell said the market perked up on a report by market news service , a small wire service serving mainly currency and bond traders . 
the rating concern cited emergency rate increases recently granted by louisiana and texas regulators. gulf states , which serves the slumping petrochemical-producing region of the gulf coast , has been seeking higher rates to pay for its $ 4.4 billion river bend nuclear plant in st. francisville , la . 
avx and vishay said they expect to continue operating all the divisions ' plants and will offer employment to most of the 2,600 corning employees world-wide in those operations. corning said it will continue to serve its electronics customers until the transactions are completed , which is expected by year-end . 
britt airways , a commuter carrier that texas air acquired when it purchased people express inc. last year , will replace royale 's role as a regional feeder for continental in the markets where royale flew. royale already was smarting from a decline in passenger traffic and revenue -- it served primarily business traffic in the depressed oil patch . 
the cotton gin brought to the south the only part of the industrial revolution with which it found no fault and which it adopted more widely than all other manufacturing devices. the steam engine was adopted principally to serve the gin or to transport the staple it processed . 
new york-based nynex corp. is a member of another group that wants to lay a transatlantic phone cable on the ocean floor. both companies serve large numbers of business and financial customers and see international transmission of data as a large growth market . 
the notes are due march 20 , 1990. sallie mae , a financial intermediary serving the education credit market , said proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes . 
opec has , of course , revived the fixed-price system once , and possibly could do it again. but oil executives and analysts maintain that the collapse of the system that has served opec and the rest of the oil industry so well for decades is an egg that ca n't be unscrambled . 
the abbreviations used in this volume for degrees granted by individual institutions are listed and explained below. this section of the guide includes those colleges that provide limited residential facilities and / or serve primarily a local student body . 
in addition , almost 1,000 ibmers now work full time at large companies ' data centers. last year , ibm added 70 special teams to the 130 that each serve one major customer ; it is adding 200 more . 
no tucker for them here now , but they 'll come back with the wet . `` this was echoed next day by a girl in white cliffs , a ghost town that once served a cluster of opal mines . 
the denver & rio grande western railroad unit of rio grande industries is a 2,500-mile system between utah and kansas city , mo. the combination would create one of the five largest rail systems in the u.s. , a 15,500-mile system serving 14 states . 
occidental petroleum corp. said its subsidiary in the united kingdom would declare a force majeure in its north sea operations on friday if pipeline repairs continue to interrupt oil production there. the energy and agricultural-products concern said the pipeline repairs have halted production at the flotta terminal , which serves the piper , scapa and claymore fields operated by the occidental unit and two fields operated by texaco north sea u.k. ltd. , a unit of texaco inc . 
the icc recently scheduled oral arguments for may 14 on whether it should reopen the case. mr. reed , who began his career at santa fe in 1939 , first proposed in 1980 the merger of the two railroads , which serve extensive parts of the west and southwest , but could reach no agreement at the time with his longtime rival , benjamin biaggini , then-chairman of the southern pacific co . 
traffic on the ben franklin bridge , for example , has dropped between 2 and 3 percent , as measured during a twenty-four-hour period . that may not sound like much of a reduction , but it came about despite substantial growth in the numbers of people and automobiles in the region served by the line . 
this notion was akin to the child 's notion that living in a hotel is free because you do n't pay for anything , you only sign your name ; that is to say , the notion is true some of the time but times do come when it is not true . such a time came for the advertising business , along with the economy it served , with the 1930 's . 
eastern started the `` moonlight special '' in april 1985 from houston. the flights , which served 18 cities , were moved to chicago 's o'hare airport this february . 
in august 1982 , the company received a 4.26 % annual rate increase , or $ 39.6 million. at that time , the commission said that in its next rate increase , the company should bring the different rates of return for its various customer groups more in line with the actual cost of serving them . 
rupert murdoch 's news corp. plans to sell a majority stake in sky channel , its european cable satellite service , to investors in countries the system serves . 
the legislators see it as offering federal aid in place of the currently litigation-stalled plan for stronger units to bail out weaker ones. `` the longer these court cases stay out , the longer the poorer banks are going to be in jeopardy , '' said rep. fred grandy ( r. , iowa ) , whose congressional district is served by the system 's struggling omaha , neb. , district . 
continental airlines said it will establish a `` mini-hub '' in cleveland while it lays the groundwork for further growth at that airport later this year. the texas air corp. unit is increasing daily departures to 25 from 16 july 1 , and is doubling the number of cities it serves nonstop from cleveland to 10 . 
utilicorp united inc. said it received the approval of the west virginia public service commission to acquire west virginia power from dominion resources inc. for $ 19 million. the utility said it signed a definitive agreement in september 1985 to buy west virginia power , which serves 22,000 electricity customers . 
the problem becomes not one of trying to stop companies from growing large this is impossible and not even desirable. the problem is to keep the giants in a genuinely competitive position so that they will serve the consumer well , and not grow at his expense . 
when president reagan 's new commission on privatization discussed recently what government assets could be sold , former secretary of defense melvin laird , now a counselor for reader 's digest , called for exempting the postal service from such an examination. mr. laird , who admitted he had a conflict of interest because the digest is the service 's largest private postal customer , said that rural areas would not be served if `` the cream of the crop { were } skimmed off . '' 
this compact had two aspects. first , in return for a monopoly franchise , utilities accepted an obligation to serve all comers . 
canadian national is owned by the canadian government. terra nova , based in gander , newfoundland , serves 50,000 subscribers in parts of newfoundland and labrador , and is expected to report net income for 1987 of four million canadian dollars ( $ 3.1 million ) on revenue of 46 million dollars . 
she added that when the account was introduced in march 1984 , the company operated only three full-service thrift units outside new york. she said citicorp intends to rely more heavily on those units , as well as others acquired since then , to serve individual customers . 
the water you so casually speak of is more often to be found in the walls and on the floors than in the convenient wash basin or bath to which you are accustomed . i 've visited homes of some of these children where water for a family in an upstairs flat had to be fetched by bucket or pail from the single back-yard tap which served five or six families . 
in giving its tentative go-ahead , the transportation agency said that usair and psa operate largely in different regions of the country. usair 's principal hub is pittsburgh , and of the 83 airports the airline serves , only about a dozen are west of st. louis. psa serves 29 airports , mostly on the west coast . 
at yesterday 's closing price , those shares have an indicated value of about $ 84 million. on the basis of subscribers served , the partnerships are nearly as valuable as the public company. essex serves about 63,000 subscribers , its four partnerships about 62,000 . 
nabanco holders will receive 30 % of the purchase price in cash and 70 % in first financial common with a value of $ 27 a share for the initial payment , the company said. nabanco , which serves 15,000 customers , had 1986 revenue of $ 122 million , first financial said . 
but scheduled air carriers are still the safest form of transportation known to mankind. if there are adequate resources for the faa to hire and train controllers , inspectors and technicians , to improve airports , and to develop and procure new equipment , the u.s. aviation system will continue to improve and to serve the economy and the american people extraordinarily well . 
the 31-branch west german unit , monchengladbach-based bankhaus centrale credit ag , had total year-end assets of about $ 500 million , bankamerica said. the credit card operation , bank of america card services , frankfurt , has assets of about $ 28 million and serves about 115,000 customers in west germany . 
alaska air group , parent of alaska airlines , said it was unable to reach `` satisfactory '' terms. san juan airlines serves washington 's puget sound area with 12 aircraft . 
acton corp. said its acton catv inc. unit completed the previously announced sale of its utah cable-television properties to insight communications co. , new york , for $ 24.5 million. the utah properties , most of which are near salt lake city , serve about 16,000 subscribers in 14 cities . 
they 're operating now with one sigma 7 but hope to have multiple-computer processing and 10,000 customer terminals installed in the los angeles area within a year. ultimately the company wants to serve every large metropolitan area in the country through `` several large centers , `` but right now it 's still `` think local . '' 
usair operates primarily in the east and midwest. psa serves 29 airports , mainly on the west coast . 
moody 's investors service inc. said the agreement , if completed , could lead to a possible downgrading of ratings on chemical 's $ 1.3 billion of debt , and to a possible upgrading of ratings on texas commerce 's $ 250 million of debt. chemical , known for its expertise in serving consumers and middle-market companies , expects to help texas commerce expand its retail banking operations , an area in which texas commerce is n't considered strong . 
but the deal hangs on whether the british aircraft corporation decides to re-open its vc10 production line , shut down nearly a year ago . first countries to be served by the new airline : albania , tanzania , algeria , congo-brazzaville and iraq . 
the gi 's letter home was published in the akron , ohio , beacon journal on march 27 , 1967 , and cited in in the name of america , a study of u.s. military behavior in vietnam published in 1968 by the clergy and laymen concerned about vietnam . terry reid 's account of action in the 11th brigade was published by the paper , a daily newspaper serving central wisconsin : `` fond du lac gi says viet slaughter `` common , `` `` by allen ekvall . 
the publishing company said it expects to complete the sale by year 's end. woodbury , n.y.-based cablevision already owns one-third of sportschannel , which serves subscribers in new england , new york , chicago and philadelphia . 
the cost of the bakeries was n't disclosed. the two new bakeries represent a new market for staley , which had not previously served mcdonald 's facilities in those countries , a spokesman said . 
but glass may give way to plastics. '' however , richard ringoen , ball 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , said , `` we are looking at this combination as a good business opportunity for our company , as well as a strengthened commitment on our part to serving the glass container market . '' 
specifically , the commission said the established carriers could abandon the present rate-making system to meet competition . this system averages the costs of serving high- and low-density areas . 
but america west subsequently dropped its objections , and the orange county board of supervisors agreed to provide twa with two slots at the airport to allow it to begin service there. in addition , american agreed to give up two of its slots at the airport ; the county board assigned them to ual inc. 's united airlines , which also will begin serving the airport . 
it probably will involve the sale or closing of a construction-equipment tire plant in bloomington , ill. , and a farm tire plant in des moines , iowa , mr. nevin said. firestone is seeking to sell the plants , which serve markets that have shrunk drastically , to employees or to merge them into another producer to preserve jobs , mr. nevin said . 
american cablesystems corp. said a subsidiary agreed in principle to acquire a cable television system in the los angeles area from heritage communications inc. for $ 15.5 million. the subsidiary , american cablesystems of california inc. , proposed to buy a system that serves eight communities in los angeles county and has about 12,000 subscribers , the parent said . 
the sale is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions and is expected to be completed within 120 days , adams-russell said. the cable-tv system serves about 51,000 subscribers in rockford , loves park , machesney park , cherry valley , morristown and winnebago county , ill. , the company added . 
one reason for the emphasis on job search is that it is relatively cheap. the programs can serve more recipients if they help them look for existing jobs than if they try to provide them with expensive training or government jobs . 
mr. breskovich contends that much of the current clamor to plug the loophole comes from shore-based processing plants in alaska , which he considers inadequate to compete with factory ships processing at sea. catcher ships serving a mother factory ship travel only 20 to 30 miles to unload , while those serving shore plants often go 200 miles or more , he says . 
if sovereignty at bay is right , the time of these enterprises also will be finite. and the new wave of multinational enterprises just offstage will be no less indispensable , no less dominant and , alas , even more tension begetting in the countries they serve than those that went before . 
there is a jamaican broadcast station owned by the government . it serves the entire island . `` 
based on rochester 's closing price of $ 44.75 a share in composite trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , the transaction has a total value of about $ 26.3 million. enterprise , which serves about 15,700 access lines in a territory between harrisburg , pa. , and philadelphia , will become rochester telephone 's third telephone operating company in pennsylvania . 
scripps-howard broadcasting , a subsidiary of scripps howard , a closely held communications concern , said the sale is expected to boost its 1987 earnings by about $ 18.1 million , or about $ 1.75 a share , although a final transaction amount wo n't be determined until certain post-closing adjustments have been made. scripps-howard broadcasting sold its interest in systems serving about 121,000 subscribers in fairfield county and the bridgeport area . 
the guide , which had revenue of about $ 30 million last year , tailors listings to individual cable systems. mr. broyles , who in addition to his newsweek post was the founding editor of texas monthly magazine , said , `` the magazine 's readers use it all month long , and the opportunity to continue improving how it serves its readers is an exciting one . '' 
weichert realtors inc. said it acquired ad & p realtors , parent of andrews , dickinson & pinkstone , an independent agency based in west chester , pa. , that serves six philadelphia-area counties and delaware . 
ps group has interests in oil and gas exploration and jet-fuel marketing , among other things. pacific southwest serves 29 airports , primarily on the west coast . 
the investor group includes american-standard 's president , terry a. tevis. the memphis , tenn.-based printing unit , which now will operate under the name american signature graphics , serves magazine , catalog and commercial markets . 
the department said the takeover would n't substantially reduce competition on routes served by both american and aci holdings ' unit , aircal , because other carriers provide competitive service. the agency also said there is no evidence that other carriers ca n't obtain needed facilities at 13 of the 14 airports served by both airlines . 
some colleges seek actively to attract a diverse student body that reflects the variety geographical , economic , racial , religious , and cultural of the entire nation. other institutions are designed to serve a specific clientele members of a particular church , residents of a given area , or individuals interested in some specialized field of study . 
instead , they pull up the drawbridges over their moats and fight to protect their monopoly franchises. many have good reasons : insane regulatory policies often prevent them from meeting competition or obligate them to remain prepared to meet the future needs of customers who have chosen to be served by a competitor . 
henry seidel canby , one of america 's foremost men of letters , was a non-friend who attended the quaker school in wilmington , delaware , in the 1890 's . of this experience he wrote : at first the academies , serving both boys and girls , were governed by the strictest rules . 
`` avia stands more for technical ( performance ) side of the business and reebok , the fashion side , '' she said. `` as long as reebok and avia can serve different parts of the market , they will serve a bigger part of the market . '' 
the general manager calls in local airline executives in the summer when he gets his schedule for the coming season . since each of the nhl clubs is in a major city , there are several major airlines serving his city and the general manager usually is able to take care of most of his reservations . 
the carrier said american eagle will offer the same level of service as american and will add one flight between burbank and oakland. a wings west spokeswoman said the carrier plans to buy 10 jets , with 50 to 68 seats each , to serve the american routes and other routes that wings west plans to add . 
the step would raise an additional $ 1.7 billion in taxes for the government over the next five years. but accountants believe the surge in volume will seriously hamper their ability to serve small-business clients . 
the council nominates successful candidates for four years . at present the consultative committee which serves the coal and steel community is made up of employers , workers many of whom are trade unionists and a `` general interest `` group . 
the justices refused to hear a challenge to a 1984 federal law that prohibits cross-ownership of television stations and cable systems serving the same community . 
asarco inc. announced the formation of a technical services center to provide consulting in engineering , environmental sciences , research and security. the center , which will be based in salt lake city , consolidates the mining company 's departments of environmental sciences , research and engineering into a single unit that will serve both asarco and outside organizations . 
others build their properties around a golf course or natural lake and then use these facilities as basic selling points to justify the entire project. most of the time , though , facilities that serve the community commercially and culturally grow up around it . 
eventually it hopes to be able to use twenty-four lockheed l-1011 tristars it has that many on order now which seem well suited to delta 's medium-size routes . ( but , like all tristar customers , delta has had some large uncertainties about the plane in the wake of the bankruptcy of rolls-royce , and has ordered five douglas dc-10 's . ) charles h. dolson , chief executive , feels that delta 's prime advantage is the fact that it serves the southeast and california , `` the two fastest-growing regions in the country . `` and although eastern air lines was serving atlanta before it did , delta has nevertheless managed to identify itself with the growth of that city , where it is now the largest employer . 
but the company can alter its rates for intrastate long-distance calls , business systems and other services without regulatory permission. the company agreed to continue to modernize vermont 's telephone network and to continue to provide telephone service to all areas of the state it now serves . 
a special network. the nerve fibers which serve these organs form a special network of fibers . 
the system spokesman said that the expected insolvency was n't tied to that dispute , and that if the increased reserves are eventually required , the jackson bank would be deeper in the red. the system said the jackson bank is `` exploring alternative means '' of staying in business and serving its customers , but as of yesterday had n't developed a plan to do that . 
mr. pickens dropped the bid after receiving a letter from kn refusing his bid that he described as `` insulting and dishonest. '' lakewood , colo.-based kn owns three pipeline systems that serve wholesale and retail customers in nebraska , kansas , wyoming , texas and colorado . 
the 70,000-kilowatt project will be built on the cowlitz river between riffe lake and the town of randle. it will generate about 250 million kilowatt hours annually to serve the 21,000 residents of lewis county , the closely held construction and engineering concern said . 
owen butler , retired chairman of procter & gamble co. , is chairman of the committee 's panel on the educationally disadvantaged. the committee recommended a `` radical redefinition '' and a `` fundamental restructuring '' of many schools that serve the disadvantaged . 
the public sector does the best and most efficient job of meeting the needs of people over age 65. the private sector has had 20 years to try to serve this market , and has failed . 
if branch restrictions keep them solely or almost solely within a troubled farm area , such a lending policy is to be expected -- indeed any other policy would be stupid. a nationwide bank would be much freer to construct a lending policy that would better serve the area . 
lawrence k. altman in new york times if the kids ca n't go to the dentist , then the dentist must come to the kids . that 's the philosophy behind the `` smilemobile `` a 40-foot van run by the nonprofit children 's dental health service in rochester , n.y. , which serves nearly 1000 inner-city youngsters . 
angel castillo , an attorney and former reporter brought in last year as associate managing editor for news to lead the paper 's effort in becoming more relevant to hispanics , says change has been painfully slow. `` the herald still has fewer people at the executive levels in the news department than it needs both to reflect the community it serves and to be able to understand that community , '' says mr. castillo . 
oms was expected to request exception treatment for this , so it looks as if they 're looking forward to purchases being made . a system simulator facility serving all federal agencies will be established by the air force and general services administration sometime this year and , it is learned , may be in business by july 1 . 
he had only come to offer his time and experience to the provincial authorities . they should call on him if ever ... a middle school serving torregreca and four other townships needed a director : don arrigo 's appointment was entirely logical . 
your rationale is flawed because it is based on an implied premise that suitable secondary airports are available. there is in fact a dire and increasing shortage of general-aviation airports to serve metropolitan areas . 
nwa said that as it adjusts to its larger domestic airline system , improved schedules should make for a more efficient operation , bringing costs down. the company said it plans changes in its computer system in the months ahead that will hopefully serve passengers more quickly and efficiently . 
terms were n't disclosed. frostex , which serves texas , oklahoma , louisiana and parts of arkansas , had sales of $ 92 million in fiscal 1986 . 
there are more than two million scattered across the country. our noxontown pond was originally a marsh , dammed in 1736 to serve the gristmill of thomas noxon . 
the new unit , which has assets of $ 1.7 billion , will operate under the name crossland savings fsb. the parent company , which has assets of more than $ 10 billion , said the acquisition will allow it `` to serve the attractive california market as well as other key complementary western markets . '' 
the company has offices in 30 cities and local service in more than 40 . the network is served by 22 computer systems 19 xds 940 's , one sigma 7 , and two pdp-10 's . 
western is a cable-television and microwave-systems concern. marcus owns and operates cable tv systems in minnesota , wisconsin and pennsylvania , serving about 135,000 subscribers . 
at this writing , according to its president , william lonergan , it had signed up one ( which could n't be named because of legal complications involving , of course , communications ) and was talking to `` 8 to 10 others . `` telemax has contracts with 12 airlines including american , a hold-out from the group that was contracting with atar , which it serves through an interface to the airlines ' sabre system . 
why ? electricity is moving into markets once served by oil and natural gas . 
the company is the u.s. subsidiary of yamaichi securities co. , which it said is japan 's oldest investment company. yamaichi international said the exchange membership will enhance its ability to serve investors world-wide . 
the walls are lined with sticky sideboards , covered with cloudy , cracked decanters , basins of tin , and piles of thick , blue-bordered china plates that were manufactured at tournai . in one corner , there is a box with numbered compartments that serves to hold the boarders ' napkins , spotted with grease and wine . 
bear , stearns & co. will manage the offer. the offer fits mark iv 's strategy of buying specialty manufacturers that serve niche markets considered too small for large companies and too complicated and expensive for small companies . 
the audit said carolina power should have anticipated the cancellation of three of the original four harris units and that alleged `` excess costs '' could have been avoided , principally by redesigning the plant in 1975 from a single four-unit facility to two two-unit plants , carolina power said. the report contended that the redesign would have reduced the costs associated with the common facilities that now serve the harris unit 1 , but which were originally designed to serve four units , the company said . 
the net gain includes $ 198 million from the sale of most of the real estate investments of its real estate unit and $ 13 million from the reorganization of its investment in alcoa of great britain. those gains were partly offset by the following charges : $ 14 million as a result of the effect of excess world-wide shipping capacity on its steamship operations ; $ 13 million related to its investments in venezuela and to a joint venture serving the oil and gas industries ; and $ 46 million for write-offs from the shutdown of its lancaster , pa. , plant , consolidation of two ingot plants at alcoa , tenn. , and withdrawal from a joint venture to build a magnesium plant . 
the limit 's rise from $ 133,250 last week enabled 200,000 purchasers to avoid higher charges associated with mortgages that exceed the ceiling. a permanent freeze would restrict fannie mae 's and freddie mac 's `` continued encroachment on the market served by private firms , '' the budget said . 
it said details -- and the spin-off itself -- are expected in the next three to six months , subject to a ruling from the internal revenue service that the transaction would be tax-free to both ic and its shareholders. in the past several years , ic has sold parts of the railroad , cutting it from a 9,600-mile system to its current core of 3,000 miles serving markets between chicago , st. louis , memphis and new orleans . 
they are kwex , san antonio , texas ; kmex , los angeles ; wx-tv , patterson , n.j. ; wl-tv , miami , and kf-tv , hanford , calif. five are so-called low-power television stations , which generally serve much smaller audiences than the conventional ones . 
state and local family-planning outlays for 1971 are n't available , but if we compare federal expenditures that year of $ 65 million with spending at all levels of government in 1981 , $ 377 million , we find only a 2.58-fold constant-dollar increase , a far cry from the 20-fold reported by mr. weed. it is true , as mr. weed stated , that federally funded family-planning clinics serve 1.5 million teen-agers in the u.s. yet he failed to mention that 11 million teen-agers are sexually active . 
first southern federal savings & loan association said its shareholders approved changing the company 's name to altus bank and its charter to a federal savings bank from a savings & loan association. the mobile , ala.-based thrift institution said the name change , which is up for consideration at its annual meeting , was a result of the similarity between first southern and the names of various other companies in areas it serves . 
completion of the transaction is expected by june 30 , 1988. mt baker , with assets of $ 164 million and deposits of $ 110 million , represents a strategic access to areas of washington state not currently served by u.s. bancorp or its units , u.s. bancorp said . 
the results by the two bell holding companies reflect contrasting regional economies. san francisco-based pacific telesis , whose phone company units serve economically vibrant california and nevada , showed growing demand for service. on the other hand , the five-state territory served by st. louis-based southwestern bell includes texas and oklahoma , whose economies are tattered . 
in fact , given the highly developed u.s. transportation infrastructure , few if any shippers are truly `` captive '' to rails. the best case is made by electric utilities that have power plants served by coal-hauling roads , but big utilities do n't lack bargaining power . 
typically , partners in cable ventures put their own traffic on the cable and lease capacity to others. most international cable ventures are owned by a consortium of concerns including countries served by the cable . 
gulf states joins a long list of major utilities whose solvency has been thrust into doubt over nuclear plants. most notably , new orleans-based middle south utilities inc. , which like gulf states serves the huge petrochemical corridor of the gulf coast , recently averted financial failure by receiving last-minute rate increases for its huge grand gulf plant . 
piedmont 's baltimore hub and usair 's hub in washington would give the new company a strong presence in that region. such a merger would combine two of the best balance sheets in the industry along with similar pay scales , compatible fleets of medium-range aircraft and a common history of prospering by serving second-tier hubs like pittsburgh and charlotte , n.c . 
it is n't known whether the irs will try to collect the tax from such concerns. long weekend : trying to spread out pleas for help by toll-free phone , irs assisters serving new england and upstate new york are taking calls from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. on saturdays and sundays through april 12 . 
the upshot , for all practical purposes , is no competition at all. retailers testified that no dairy other than the one serving them ever solicits their business. antonio puccio , a brooklyn store owner , testified that when he explicitly offered his patronage to a dairy other than the one serving him , he was refused . 
the company said it is also adding executives to its senior management team. sanford i. weill , commercial credit 's chairman and chief executive officer , said the new structure would enable the company to `` eliminate duplication , increase productivity and efficiency and better serve our customers . '' 
among other things , investment bankers arrange mergers and acquisitions , currency swaps and private financings. richard j. boyle , chase 's recently appointed vice chairman in charge of the global bank , said in an interview : `` we are marshaling our forces to better serve our customers globally . 
