The agreement was to be kept secret . Paine saw no objection to being paid for writing in this vein , but the affair of the Indiana Company had served as a warning that his motives might not be understood .   
 Balance of power was to assure "stability, security and confidence." Even if the report wasn't exactly in the language of operative politics, it served for 20 years as a yardstick of reason.   
 The following are generally accepted, but should be checked with local sources in case there may be regional variations. They serve as the most important wedding anniversary themes and can be used, in many cases, as sources of ideas for gifts.   
 Here, he is a scavenger, combing the surrounding countryside for discarded bottles that can be redeemed for a couple of cents each. He has tried to cultivate the tiny plot of land surrounding the tin shack that serves as a house for his family, but the land is hard and barren.   
 Hasn't had a garrison since the British took over Pondicherry . Serves no purpose at all to control river or sea .   
 Something important was always just about to happen . This sort of anticipation can keep an occultist coming back for years , and serves as a powerful antidote to disillusionment .   
 " I think we should build Fidalgo back just the way it was , " he replied slowly . " The boardwalk was put up forty years ago , and it served our purpose all that time .   
 The French play a valuable -- and generally positive -- role in the Middle East. In countries such as Iraq, they can serve as a bridge to the West, and as an alternative to superpower domination.   
 Frankie, an "image consultant," meets them both after she's hired to sell the idea of sending Ulysses on a space mission to the public. Either because of the way the scientist's part is written, or the way Mr. Malkovich plays it, or both, Dr. Peters is too much of an airheaded Caspar Milquetoast to be a plausible villain, too insubstantial to serve as a satirical vision of the "perfectly" unemotional man.   
 Most psychiatrists who get Government referrals are cautious men themselves, respectable practitioners. Now if you can provide any instance, any occurrence, that might serve as real evidence; but mere suspicions won't do.   
 The human bitch is something else again. In many cultures dogs serve as scavengers; and they certainly lead a miserable-looking existence, kicked by every passing human, half-starved and " wolfing " every possible bit of food they can find.   
 It was amazing that it leaked so little, but he knew it must have a coating of galgal composed of resin and coconut oil on the bottom. Suspended over the leeward side was a leeboard to serve as a keel with the wind on the quarter.   
 Otherwise, to ask such questions is a breach of professional courtesy and a violation of good corporate manners. What directors really do, according to Professor Mace, is to give advice and counsel when asked, and, by the mere fact of their presence, serve as a discipline for presidents and subordinate management.   
 " It's a table , and after Goldilocks and Sue are dressed they're going to have tea . " She casually indicated two dolls lying patiently naked on the floor while she selected clothing for them from a box which served as a dolls' wardrobe .   
 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF INDIANA said it will issue a $35 million 7.6% first mortgage bond, series NN, due March 15, 2012, to Princeton, Ind. It said the bond serves as collateral for $35 million of pollution control bonds being issued by Princeton at the same interest rate.   
 Such common-sense approaches have worked for her before. While she was merchandising director for the Miller Beer brand, she redesigned tavern signs, ordering a neon one to serve as a sort of welcome mat for bars.   
 You noted that these tests have attracted "little attention from civil libertarians." At least the story has served one useful purpose: Our association will make certain that attention is focused on this slanderous use of testing.   
 That troops come to hunt us out; as usual. You could serve as a monument to as usual."   
 At what was to be the interview site, the Annapolis Hilton, the agents rented several rooms. One would serve as headquarters, another held a polygraph machine that could be used (it wasn't) and a third was for the questioning.   
 In addition, the Uniform Code of Arbitration governing most securities proceedings has been approved by the SEC and calls for panels with a majority of "public arbitrators" from outside the industry unless the customer requests otherwise. However fair the present system may be, it will require reforms if it is to serve as the court of last resort for important federal statutory rights.   
 The man playing the bambolon had to make it resound long and loud before the populace responded . It was deep night by the time the first citizens arrived to sit under the huge silk-cotton tree that served as the " council tree " for the village .   
 On trips away from home where only water of a questionable purity may be available, the use of good bottled waters is recommended. They serve as refreshing drinking water with a maximum assurance of safety.   
 He would watch with envy those who were saved go marching off to the Mourners Bench, and he knew without doubt that there was nothing ahead for him but the eternal fires of Hell. Sometimes to flush the evil from his mind, to bring the solace of pure thought, he would try to envision some person, someone stronger than himself, someone who might serve as a good example.   
 The fact that the young Negro musicians took absolutely no part in these efforts limits the importance of the movement considerably . Still , the Revival has served a purpose .   
 This is second . " He put down his jacket ( Jim's jacket was still serving as home ) and held up two fingers . "   
 Band leader Stan Kenton , then based at Balboa Beach in California , used the term to describe his experimental style of music . Kenton's band served as a workshop for a number of important up-and-coming jazz talents .   
 Biologist Howard M. Temin, thirty-six, of the University of Wisconsin (and, independently, David Baltimore of M. I. T.) shook the foundations of conventional biological thinking by discovering a reverse flow of genetic information, to DNA rather than from it. Temin believes that virus-like entities serve an important role in the early life of an organism.   
 In part to defuse criticism over an expensive tomb being built for the Suharto family near Solo, central Java, the government in 1978 turned Sukarno's grave into a stone shrine. A Balinese-style gate serves as the entrance to a small park in the center of Blitar.   
 The four local banks and one discount house also will act as market makers. Other registered dealers will serve as market makers but won't be able to bid directly for new securities.   
 We shall call it theme A at its first exposition , A prime , A double prime , and A triple prime in what follows . Figure B , which comes between the second and third exposition of A , serves merely as an episode ; actually , it comes where the bridge would have if Do Nothin ' had preceded the Concerto .   
 Texas Commerce Bancshares Inc. laid out details about the special bank it will create to hold problem loans as a prelude to its $1.19 billion acquisition by Chemical New York Corp. In a unique feature of the merger that may serve as a model for the acquisition of troubled Texas banks, the newly merged banks will spin off problem energy and real estate loans with a book value of about $300 million into a separate bank, to be called the National Loan Bank.
 One of the world's biggest underwater oil-storage tanks has already been constructed and is anchored to the bottom of the Persian Gulf . Serving as a storage and loading depot for an oil field in the Dubai sheikdom , the giant undersea tank weighs 15,000 tons and holds half a million barrels of oil .   
 My guides conferred concerning the location of something , I couldn't make out what . Then the older nodded in the direction of a long , dull , dirty mass not a hundred yards away , which ( as near as I could see ) served either as a church or a tomb .   
 It was only as the Sahara became drier and drier that people who went south found it increasingly difficult to trade and communicate with the people in the north . Although trade routes across the desert , as well as the Nile River , still served as links between them , there was much less communication and sharing of ideas and culture .   
 In addition, Olin has been expanding into new lines of business. Towey says that the recent acquisition of three home-construction companies should serve as countercyclical bolsters to the company's capital-intensive product lines.   
 Arthur gave him the prescribed dose of chloral, a strong sedative, and his patient finally dropped off into a deep sleep. Leaving a low flame in a hurricane lamp to serve as a night light, he retired to the next room.   
 Nothing in the California law forbids commercial use of ethnic languages in stores, in the media or in any way deemed useful. However, the law does seem to suggest that no action for which the government is responsible should serve as a disincentive to learning English; not in the documents that it issues, not in its activities nor in its attitude.   
 " It will mean more to me now that it has been through certain adventures , " said Stafford Nye . He added , " It has served its purpose . "   
 Such machine-readable text can be sent to distant points economically over phone lines. It can serve as computer input.   
 Stalin hoped , as had Lenin , to spread Communism throughout the world . In America his purpose was served by The Daily Worker , which carried on its masthead the motto : " All the news that fits , we print . "   
 Bihzad died at the beginning of Tahmasp's reign, but the young shah inherited the Royal Library with its staff of skilled painters, most of them pupils and followers of the old master. Among the first books they made for Tahmasp was a beautiful manuscript of Nizami's Khamsa, containing an illustration that might serve as a picture of the young shah and his court.   
 After several years of pledging never to yield to terrorists, he shipped arms to hated Iran, in part as ransom for hostages. The problem was less the policy, which also sought to serve geopolitical purposes, than the disparity between action and rhetoric.   
 I noticed that our compound was well maintained and closely guarded, and that large camouflage screens had been built over several structures to deceive enemy aircraft. The modern complex would serve well as a home for my stays in port.   
 " There, " he said, giving the bucket a whack with the palm of his hand. " That will serve."   
 The simplest method of divination is by means of omens, watching out for nature's signs and symbols the stubbing of a toe, the crowing of a rooster, the hooting of an owl, the singing of a cricket, the flight of birds, wreaths of smoke, clouds, and so on. Birds and animals and natural phenomena are good sources of information, not because they themselves know anything but because they serve as guideposts to the future.   
 "You go into court alone to argue some really insignificant motion on a case and 30 lawyers show up for the other side," says Daniel Childs, a Philadelphia lawyer who is handling two smokers' cases. RJR says the technique serves a different purpose: field training for scores of recruits.   
 Still , the fact remained that the emerging state had been placed on probation . In the event , Allied guardianship served its purpose well and the Germans proved apt pupils .   
 His condition remained precisely the same . We had now some discussion as to the propriety and feasibility of awakening him ; but we had little difficulty in agreeing that no good purpose would be served by so doing .
 Main storage is 750-nsec core that can be expanded from a minimum 16K up to 256K 18-bit words . It holds the programs of the machine being controlled and serves as a backing store for control store .   
 Some leaders, particularly powerful Parliament Speaker Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani, clearly are flirting with America. They are self-confident enough now to deal with the "great Satan," and seem to want at least some kind of relationship with the U.S. to acquire arms and to serve as a counterweight to the Soviet colossus on Iran's northern border.   
 The superpowers may be narrowing their differences, but Europe's rejoicing is curiously muted. While it raises hopes, Mr. Gorbachev's proposal also serves as a reminder that Europe remains the place where more nuclear weapons are targeted than anyplace else.   
 The government further ensures domestic placidity by running the nation's single television station, with some of the dullest programming in Asia, and periodically shutting down local newspapers. Still, election time allows more freedom of expression than usual, and serves a national temperature-taking function.   
 The remaining wines from the Vaud and Neuchatel cantons usually bear the name of their village or the grape e.g. Gamay (grape) for the red wine made in the Vaud, or Dezaley, a mountain slope in the Lavaux area; the most famous of Neuchatel calls its rose " Oeil de Perdrix " (partridge eye), a name used in some French wine districts. A complete list of the names of Swiss wines would serve no purpose, even if it could be established, for many are made in such small quantities that they enjoy no more than a local reputation.   
 Lord Baltimore authorized the coining of shillings, sixpence, and groats, which were backed by tobacco. Because of the widespread local acceptance of the currency, many economic worries were averted (although tobacco itself had to serve for many years as the medium of exchange in international trade).   
 They are yet another way Congress has found to supply money to constituencies, and interfere with the proper workings of trade and credit markets, in ways that are less obvious than some of its other activities. Where it will all lead, we don't know, but it certainly would be a great thing if Congress would someday start asking itself how many activities it is subsidizing and what purpose the subsidies serve.   
 " The Youth Hostel was attractive . It served as a recreation center for the neighborhood .   
 General Foods has ; indeed , it has hired many . The company also runs an in-house media operation that serves as a kind of super-agency coordinating the work of its five regular agencies .   
 Two of them were built to be towed across the Channel and sunk off the invasion beaches. There, they would serve as sheltered docks able to receive ships in any kind of weather.   
 Opting deliberately for an aggressive successor, he chose Mr. Kagler in early 1983. Some stock analysts and industry executives saw Mr. Kagler's firebrand manner as serving a purpose for the company and the milder Mr. Everingham in planning and carrying out a recent restructuring.   
 People aren't saying, 'Let's have cold cuts and warm beer.'" Indeed, some executives willing to have their lunch interrupted by a reporter wax eloquent about the many purposes served by eating out on the company.   
 The professor was referring, of course, to Chinese calligraphy, yet by the same token, for the concrete poet, the beauty of his work lies in its patent manifestation. William Jay Smith's " typewriter poems " are only tangential to the genre, since they serve as illustrations to the accompanying verses.   
 " It does very well, it seems, though I am not versed in things nautical, " she said, nodding her head with grave approval at my steering contrivance. " But it will serve only when we are sailing by the wind, " I explained.   
 This is answered , in choruses 7 and 8 , by Armstrong's comparatively angular and frenetic solo . A more extended repetition of chorus 3 serves as coda ; the equilibrium here achieved between the close homophony of the ensemble and Dodds's winging clarinet solo is truly consummatory .   
 On the other hand, four years does seem a bit too restrictive, too protective of management. A two-year requirement would probably serve the same purpose just as well.   
 You felt a terrible burden as if something inanimate might speak or something motionless might get up and move . You got over a conglomeration of briars and bushes that had served as a fence to the next field .   
 Indian craftsmen throughout the years have indicated the importance of the eye of the design in a number of ways sometimes by leaving it unwrapped , sometimes by using black yarn to represent the pupil , or by attaching a mirror to enable the Eye of God to see better . The yarn and wood figure , then , symbolizes contact with the unknown , and serves as a means of communication between man and the god or goddess it was woven to represent .   
 For example, by picturing humans as made in the image of the Creator, Judaism instructed human beings that they have an obligation to imitate the One in whose image they are made: to be creative, to be responsible for changing history by following out the clues written into creation by its intelligent Creator; to be alert to the intelligibility embodied by the Creator within all things; to see all things -- if I may use a Christian phrase for a perception held in common -- as a gift of grace; and to attend both to the responsible individual and to corporate, communal institutions and free associations. Since these intellectual foundations are now the inheritance of all of us, this handbook will be invaluable for teachers of business ethics today, of whatever religious or humanistic framework, for it serves as an intelligent guide to the longest sustained (and concrete) tradition of thinking about commercial activities in the Western world.   
 The plant makes the vast majority of AMC's Jeep sport utility vehicles, which have been selling at a record pace while the company's car sales have lagged. "We are very happy the issues were resolved without a strike and we hope that the discussions will serve as a basis for establishing an improved labor relations climate at the Toledo Jeep plant," the company said in a prepared statement.   
 Liveright's gossip in itself had no importance . It had served as the trigger , that was all .   
 Ordinarily he wore an old coat , a shabby waistcoat , the ugly , black , crumpled ill-tied cravat of a student , trousers to match , and resoled boots . Between these two persons and the others , Vautrin , who was forty years old , with dyed whiskers , served as a transition .   
 It was several years before it was demonstrated that Mayan and Chinese have no more connection than have Hindustani and Brooklyn English. Some long-forgotten Chinese mandarin would certainly not serve as the progenitor of Sandia man.   
 Almost 17 years after his death, and 21 years after he was pushed from power, Sukarno can still draw a crowd. Some people worship his memory; others let their admiration for him serve as an indirect -- and politically safe -- expression of their dissatisfaction with the long-ruling regime of President Suharto.   
 On their last visit to the Massachusetts they observed that " little good could be done there , " for Weston's men were " giving as much for a quart of corn as we used to do for a beaver's skin . " The Pilgrims had a way of representing the Indians as subtle and dangerous whenever it served their purpose , according to a later rival in the beaver trade .   
 The U.S. is the leader of the alliance and the Europeans' security is still dependent upon that alliance. But much damage already has been done, and to this extent Soviet purposes already have been served.   
 And as long as there are livestock to manage , and people who love to ride horses , the saddler will remain a valuable servant and friend . From the primitive semiwild cattle or aurochs of the Neoliths to the sleek beef and dairy breeds of today , cattle have served man as food animals and beasts of burden for more than 5,000 years .   
 Chevron spokesman Larry Shushan says, "This is a sensitive subject because people tend to think of corporate aircraft as only executive aircraft, and that isn't the case." Mr. Shushan notes that Chevron's total, which he put at 45, includes 27 helicopters, with most serving as "workhorse" aircraft getting employees out to far-flung oil rigs.   
 Big-game guide Charley Seales and his client sat quietly in the gathering grayness of dusk, looking from behind the gnarled mass of tree roots that had served as their hiding place and rifle rest.   
 Tiomkin's scoring does not merely underline each episode , it participates in the action . As director Talankin intended , the music becomes the focal point for the action , serving both as inner monologue and dramatic confession .   
 Now he stood one foot in 4, the other on an open window sill. Somebody put deck chairs against the rail to serve as steps.   
 If the antiquity and persistence of a belief were evidence of its validity, few things would be better attested than the existence of witches. Human hands certainly differ greatly, certainly can be expressive; and it may well be that they could serve as an index to personality.   
 In announcing the distribution, for instance, Allegis said it had been considering the move for two months. Analysts wonder why, then, the company ever bothered with the Boeing pact, which now could prove to be extremely expensive for Allegis -- especially since the pact only served as the company's main takeover defense for a period of about two weeks.   
 But Negroes cannot be lumped into any single cultural category : the only defining characteristic , as we use the term in the United States , is evidence of some share of colored ancestry , usually showing in terms of skin color , hair form , or perhaps facial features . Such traits hardly define a way of life ; but they can be and are used as caste marks , serving as identification to the dominant group in enforcing limitations on activity .   
 That's to wrap around the cat . The towel serves two purposes : it protects you and it comforts the cat .   
 The system aimed to enable students to come to counselor conferences ready to work at a higher level of decision-making. Also, the system could serve as a comprehensive, up-to-date educational and occupational information library.   
 I tracked her through the apartment as she touched things, straightening them, moving curtains to properly cover windows, putting a forgotten dish into the dishwasher. She was like a cat scratching at a corner to familiarize herself with it to make sure it would serve as home.   
 Act II : Osmin renews his attempts , as clumsy as they are vain , to win Blonde's favor ; the Pasha makes equally vain attempts , not without threats , to win Constanze's ; Pedrillo informs Blonde of Belmonte's arrival , and renders Osmin harmless by plying him with wine ; Belmonte appears and joins in a quartet at first a double duet in which the plan of escape is agreed upon ; the men doubt the women's constancy ; reaction of the women ; reconciliation and hymn to love . Act III : Heroic aria of Belmonte ; serenade of Pedrillo , which serves as a signal that all is ready ; flight and discovery .   
 He had run an antic course of protest and persuasion : latterly he had behaved like any harassed stage-husband , stalking the boards in some grotesque mask of cuckoldry , while the lovers peeped from the wings and winked at the huge audience . Nothing he had done , he realized now , had served any useful purpose : no words , no appeals , no protests could ever have had an ounce of weight .   
 The system , described by Edgar A. Bolten of Jacquard as a " 12-foot flow-through system , " has a rated capacity of producing 350 five-line 45 . embossed cards per hour compared to 55-60 cards per hour by manual embossing . With the system , one card serves as ID badge and inquiry card .   
 Goldman, Sachs & Co. retained the third-place position it held at the end of the third quarter. The firm served as lead manager on 113 issues totaling $11.74 billion, for an 8.2% market share.   
 A site will be selected later this month. And the Hall of Fame awards serve as a reminder that rock didn't begin with the Beatles, or even Mr. Presley.   
 Scooting deftly between the pines , an adult swallowtail carries a green snake it swooped up from the undergrowth and killed with a bite . The bird's tail serves both as brake and rudder , scissoring or twisting to permit abrupt shifts in speed and direction .   
 The jewelry company said it will report a gain of about $2 million on the sale in the fiscal first quarter of 1988. Designcraft said the building will serve its purposes better if the company doesn't own it.   
 It has a tendency to move about. The tears themselves serve as a secondary lens, and in an eye with irregularities, there will be places where the tear layer is thin and others where it is thick.   
 The U.S. and Puerto Rico agreed to give Caribbean countries increased access to low-cost U.S. capital invested in Puerto Rico if they exchange tax information with Washington. The pact, signed yesterday, is designed to persuade some Caribbean countries to stop serving as havens for individuals and companies seeking to avoid U.S. taxes.   
 "Break-Throughs" tells tales of discovery, authentic accounts of recent product innovations. As the authors declare, "This is a book of similar human stories that serve, in a shrinking world, as the adventures of our time -- the intellectual and financial expeditions into the unknown that must precede every commercial breakthrough."   
 This episode helped to harden party lines in America, identifying the Republican party with support of the French Revolution, while the Federalists leaned towards its enemy, England. Jefferson, though personally the kindliest of men, was almost pleased with the execution of Louis XVI because he thought it would serve as an awful warning to Federalists who wanted a king in America.   
 Can anyone doubt that many disaffected and discouraged survivors are updating their resumes, ready to jump at the first attractive opportunity that beckons? Your story could serve as a checklist for employers and consultants to use in evaluating the negative feelings and impressions of these survivors.   
 As the conquered lands came under the domination of the Greeks , thousands of cattle were added to the Greek herds . Cattle were all-purpose animals to the Greeks , serving as food , for labor and as objects of religious worship .   
 The heart of the new Isfahan was the great square , the Maidane-Shah , which Thomas Herbert described as " without doubt as spacious , as pleasant and aromatic a market as any in the universe . " A huge rectangle , almost a third of a mile in length , the Maidan served not only as a market but as a polo ground or an arena for wild-beast shows and archery contests .   
 But many other survey researchers are distressed: They say misrepresentations and misuses of polling are corrupting their profession, sullying its image and making people leery of surveys. Professional pollsters say proper surveys serve a vital social purpose, gauging public concern on issues and measuring consumer trends.   
 These Western complaints are a strangely abstract exercise. Turkey is a member of NATO, serving as the critically important, eastern-most overland link between Europe and the Persian Gulf.   
 He says the government had "taken back control of its agenda" which, while topped by free trade, included such other potential vote getters as tax cuts and a child-care program for working parents. Mr. Mulroney says a U.S.-Canadian accord could serve as a model for the rest of the world.   
 They were red on one side , blue on the other . The red side was exposed when German aircraft were overhead ; the blue served as camouflage if the paratroopers were adrift on the water .   
 There has been much disagreement among the members on the purpose and on how to run Fifty Books . I don't know why fifty was chosen as an adequate number , but it serves the purpose very well .   
 It was obvious that Georgian and classical and medieval architectures were not the right forms for industry. But whether they could still be warped to serve was the question that perplexed many architects.   
 An agency spokesman, Al Heier, said it granted the exceptions because these crops are grown by few farmers in small areas that can be closely monitored. Dinoseb is a herbicide that also serves as a fungicide and an insecticide.   
 Materials : Don't spend too much time making this favor . The dress really serves as a wrapper for the gift .   
 Basketball was the only game other than baseball that my father would let me play . It was the big winter sport around Waterbury , so it served as a good outlet while I was waiting for the baseball season to roll around .   
 The instructor can in this way plan his future instruction sessions and stress those skills and strokes in which the class is most deficient. This will serve as an expedient method of teaching most effectively in the stroke and technique area most needed by the entire class.   
 The unit of trading for the Merc contract is 100 times the index value. The contract is designed to serve as a hedging tool for certain companies whose business is affected by foreign-exchange fluctuations, especially multinational corporations, the CFTC said.   
 Provides controlled landing on the lunar surface . Supports and serves as a launching platform for the ascent stage .   
 She is an adventuress, who has fooled the fessi of the Democrazia Cristiana and disappeared with your money... You needn't worry. She'll never be seen again... but she can serve as a lesson to us all.   
 Fernando de Azevedo ( b. 1894 ) is the author of a large and impressive work , A Cultura Brasileira ( 1944 ) , which has been translated into English as Brazilian Culture : An Introduction to the Study of Culture in Brazil ( 1950 ) . The first part , dealing with the social and political evolution and the psychology of the Brazilian people , serves as background for a discussion of art , literature , science , education , and religion .   
 It worried me and I hated it. On the other hand, perhaps Mrs Hatfield would serve as a useful catalyst; the nasty people would rally to her side and the nice people would have the cafes to themselves.   
 Condoms are a long way from perfect protection against AIDS transmission, but they are much better than nothing. They act both as a barrier against the virus itself and as protection from other sexually transmitted diseases, whose lesions may serve as entryways for the virus.   
 Civilized man has built a system of entrapment wherein he continually strives for more and cannot refuse a challenge , however meaningless . Escalation is not an evil in itself if it serves a survival , safety , aesthetic , or humanitarian purpose .   
 Saudi Arabia has fewer people than several other OPEC members, notably Iran, and a huge amount of oil. OPEC has survived at all only because Saudi Arabia has served as a swing producer, cutting output occasionally to keep prices up.   
 Strange and beautiful and terrible empires rose and fell, and passed on their knowledge to their successors. Earth was not forgotten, but another visit would serve little purpose.   
 The U. A. W. reached a settlement with General Motors only after a sixty-seven-day strike that cost the union treasury more than $157 million; in fact, the union had to borrow $30 million from G. M. itself during the strike. Woodcock claims that the U. A. W. settlements were anti-inflationary, and that they could serve as a model for the rest of industry.   
 Allowed to cross the Mexican border , Juan Jose Arevalo appeared briefly in Guatemala City on March 31 . This , in turn , served as the pretext for compelling Ydigoras to give up his office , a maneuver directed by Colonel Enrique Peralta Azurdia , Minister of Defense .   
 The body of water became an " oxidation pond, " which makes use of animal life, algae and beneficial bacteria to reduce the troublesome nutrients, viruses and harmful bacteria in sewage water. Such ponds serve in place of sewage-treatment plants for many small communities.   
 Suffice it to say that the program causes the computer to calculate a pupil's grade-point average (GPA), look up his high school scholastic aptitude scores, and then select expectancies from prediction tables based on local norms. Expectancies then serve as rules for calculating the goodness of the pupil course choices and for determining which messages will be conveyed to him from the counselor's repertoire of statements.   
 They have worked all their lives to do this, and they want to do it right." Mr. Terra might serve as the archetype.   
 Imagine for a moment that you are living in the year 10,000 B. C. Your home is a dank cave etched into the side of a rocky cliff . Your possessions are limited to a rough stone axe , a sharp bone which serves as a cutting tool , and maybe some flint stones for starting fires .   
 Most cells contain a spherical body called the nucleus which often lies near the center of the unit. The cells of different parts of the body have a different appearance because they have become modified or specialized to serve different functions.   
 Built in Florida and tested in the offshore waters of that state, the Deep Diver has been described as the first truly operational work submersible. Not only capable of transporting divers, tools, and equipment to and from an undersea work site, Deep Diver can also remain at the underwater location to serve as a rest shelter for the sea-bottom workers.   
 The Countess Zerkowski said : " Yes . It has served its purpose since I am here alive ... . " Sir Stafford Nye said nothing .   
 But in cultured man , reproduction seems to be an incidental or even accidental consequence of sex . Food behavior , similarly , can generally be studied in terms of nutrition , and food still serves man for nutrition just as sex still serves for reproduction .   
 These problems could be solved . What purpose would be served in humiliating an already defeated Arab people by revealing the plans its leader may have had for destroying civilians ?   
 This is the main building of the Library of Congress , which , with 14 million books among its collection of 55 million items , is the largest library in the world . Intended principally for the use of Congressmen , the Library also serves as the national library of the United States .   
 Wet suits made of cellular foam neopreme rubber and designed to fit snuggly over the whole body are superior and preferred to the old dry suit model . A small amount of water enters the wet suit , is quickly warmed by the diver's body , and then serves as insulation between his body and the surrounding water .   
 Its tea is used as a tonic. Devotees boast that it can serve as a facial steam to improve the skin.   
 It can mean the universe, supreme wisdom, the highest achievement, everlasting peace, ultimate fulfillment, or reality. Because there is no single translation, it can be applied to serve different purposes and meanings, such as in prayer and meditation as God.   
 Robert Lindner (as quoted in the Kronhausens' book) has stated this position well: " As a psychoanalyst who has had more than a decade of experience with the emotionally disturbed, and especially with delinquents, I am convinced of the absurdity of the idea that any form of reading matter, including so-called comics and " other objectionable books, " can either provoke delinquent or criminal behavior or instruct toward such ends... I am convinced that were all so-called objectionable books and like material to disappear from the face of the earth tomorrow this would in no way affect the statistics of crime, delinquency, amoral and anti-social behavior, or personal illness and distress. " It seems to me that reading, instead of leading to anti-social behavior, is more likely to serve as a harmless release for impulses that otherwise might provoke such behavior.   
 That such technology conceptually provides an alternative to newspaper classified advertising makes the newspaper industry a foe of unleashing the Baby Bells. In this opposition, there is one valid concern that will bear watching and perhaps some special provisions: whether the Baby Bells, which still have a monopoly on local telephone service, can fairly serve as common carriers for competitors of their own information-service offerings.   
 Ernest I. Reveal III, a Minneapolis-based lawyer who represents Indian government interest in the Bhopal case, said he was "disappointed" by the court's ruling on the evidence matter. But he said it won't likely serve as a bar to pursuit of the case in India.   
 For as long as anyone can remember , Marseille has been the heart of the international flow of heroin . A venerable city situated on the Mediterranean , it serves as a junction of sea lanes which crisscross from Asia , the Near East , Africa , South America , the United States and Canada .   
 If the U.S. does abrogate the pact, it would probably implement stiff dumping penalties that Japanese producers want to avoid. But perhaps more important, Japanese chip-company executives said that reducing output may also serve a different purpose: to revive sagging sales and orders of commodity chip products so Japanese manufacturers can avoid plant closures and layoffs.   
 The new season, for art, has just begun, and it is too early to tell what effect the improvement in the stock market will have on prints. A Parke-Bernet auction of valuable prints on November 4 and 5 should serve as a bellwether.   
 I realize, of course, that motherhood consists of much more. Still, it's hard to wake up each morning to the same routine: changing diapers, preparing a breakfast that ultimately serves as decoration for the floor and walls, reading "Green Eggs and Ham" for the millionth time, keeping controlled and patient during a 45-minute temper tantrum.   
 One of her topmasts was erected as a flagpole on the rocky knoll behind the house . As for her figurehead , Alice Williams was repainted and fixed immovably to the red rock above South Haven , and to this day she serves as an anchor mark to incoming boats .   
 The trait of hairlessness , for instance : we have more body hair than any other human type , which would make us backward in comparison with the more hairless melanoderms and xanthoderms . The lips form another human peculiarity , the inside lining of the mouth coming outside ( Morris thinks this serves as a sexual signal ) .   
 The Ku Klux Klan met in Fantastic Caverns near Springfield, Mo., and later a weekly country-jamboree radio show was broadcast from there. Caves have also served as mushroom farms, prisons, whiskey dens and houses of ill repute, says Gary Soule, a cave historian.   
 " The money from the house and the insurance and " " We've gone through all this a thousand times and it serves no purpose now .   
 In February, Mr. KcKean was criticized in a General Accounting Office report for improperly using Postal Service funds to pay his lawyer when he testified at the 1984 confirmation hearings for Attorney General Edwin Meese. The GAO concluded that Mr. McKean's testimony didn't serve any official purpose for the agency and recommended that he repay the agency.   
 But there is a debit side to the ledger , too . The hijackings served as a warning to the Western nations that they had better take stronger steps to safeguard their airplanes .   
 Next he got the steel trap and removed the wire from the stake to which it had been attached, then secured it to the big slab, grunting as he tilted it on edge. The rock weighed fifty pounds or more and would serve adequately as a drag.   
 "They would make a great Denny's restaurant or even a kindergarten," he says. In fact, one mail-ordered log cabin already serves as a coffee house in Mito, a city 60 miles east of Tokyo.   
 " I'll do my best , " returned the Saw-Horse cheerfully . Tip grasped the end of the branch that served as tail to the Saw-Horse , and called loudly : " Get-up ! "   
 With 7,200 employees, hundreds of research projects and an annual budget exceeding $900 million, the consortium, Bell Communications Research Inc., is among the nation's largest research and engineering joint ventures. Known as Bellcore, it serves as the seven Baby Bells' version of American Telephone & Telegraph Co.'s highly respected Bell Laboratories research concern.   
 Protestants might build in the Georgian mode , indeed he believed they should , and even designed Georgian meeting houses for Unitarians , such as the Second Church in Boston . But any service in which the Communion served as a major demonstration of theological beliefs should be held in a Gothic building .   
 Even a minimal one-piece moon-lander , far less sophisticated than the end product , would have required a high-thrust engine and a heavy load of propellant to effect a departure from the moon , and the taxi's overall weight would have become prohibitive . But , designers reasoned , since the Lunar Module was to be only a one-time spacecraft anyway , why bring back to orbit all the dead weight that no longer served a useful purpose ?   
 It proves , in short , that even the most monstrous of human beings is capable of some kind of tenderness , and the fact that its juxtaposition to callous brutality in this particular case offends us so deeply , and makes the brutality even more horrific , must not blind us to this fact . It serves as a constant reminder that the human animal , when not warped by what must paradoxically be called the savageries of civilization , is fundamentally endowed with a great potential for tenderness and intimacy .   
 He has a strange yearning for the sea now. When we are shut up indoors by the rain, the rug and armchair serve as ocean and harbor.   
 A handful have been used to collect some preliminary data and have now undergone field trials. The systems range in scope from relatively simple retrieval devices which will serve as additional tools for the counselor to comprehensive man-machine systems designed to alter drastically the institutions in which they will be placed.   
 The Osinski family's apartment has a small kitchen, a small bathroom and a room measuring about 12 feet by 15 feet that serves as the bedroom, living room and dining room.   
 " Half an hour . " He motioned to them to sit down on a flattened log that served as a bench and looking at Joaquin , jerked his thumb down the trail in the direction they had come from .   
 In the late 1950s, for example, General Motors Corp.'s Cadillac featured exaggerated tail fins meant to deliver a powerful impression of aerodynamic sleekness. But the fins, advertised as providing "stability at speed," served no real purpose.   
 If the movement spreads and grows to a point where it becomes a matter of common knowledge , then , even for the non-enthusiasts , it will exist as a constant reminder that something is wrong with the way in which we are using or , rather , not using our bodies . If it does no more than make us aware of this , it will be serving its purpose .   
 It may interest the Prestone people to know that not all the antifreeze they ship to Alaska goes into light plant radiators. The permafrost (permanent year-around frozen condition of the soil) of the north, for all its irritation to builders and plumbers, does serve a useful purpose, too.   
 America has largely solved its problem of getting basic food and shelter. Our young people are now discovering that the old masculine ideal doesn't serve any purpose.   
 He stuck his head inside and crawled in up to the hump on his body . But this hump again served as a brake .   
 The element burns without polluting the air at all, and pound for pound, it is a far richer source of energy than gasoline. Extracted from water by nuclear generators safely at sea, and carried to consumers in conventional gas lines, it can serve virtually every purpose that other fuels do, with little conversion of existing engines and burners.   
 Dow is also working hard to protect the Tittabawassee River , which flows lazily through the middle of the company's property . Over the years the river has been of great importance to Midland , serving as a heat sink and carrier of discarded wastes .   
 We continued past the kennel to a low outbuilding . Half of it served as an open-fronted garage .   
 In their wake followed the infinitely adaptable British coaches , often settling for life in the countries they had chosen , or which had chosen them . And in no time at all , these countries were molding the game in their own special images ; no sport has ever served as such an accurate paradigm of national character .   
 They raised the same objection before the highly successful volunteer scheme for handling oversales was introduced in 1978, and it is now clear that the concern was without foundation. Indeed, the history of the system of handling oversold airline flights serves as a good guide to how a system for transferring tickets could work, if it depended on incentives and voluntary passenger compliance.   
 Amadeo Wolfgango Mozart ( K. 107 ) . These works served Mozart as exercises in the concerto form , with Johann Christian's melodies as material .   
 For me , Poverty Point stands large in the story of ancient North America in a way that belies its culture's relatively limited geographical range the lower Mississippi Valley . For the site appears to have served as a depot of ideas that linked Middle America with eastern North America .   
 The effect is clear in this line of a poem composed in iambic pentameter : " The gaiety of language is our seigneur " . The abstract metrical pattern , which here serves as a foil for the speech cadence , is absent from a poem in sprung rhythm .   
 The blood of the mother and baby do not mix . The placenta serves as a fairly perfect barrier between the two blood streams , and only tiny amounts of the baby's blood ever escape into the mother's circulatory system .   
 A cold blast of wind came in from the sea , and Horace Sutter turned up his coat collar and headed for home . He lived alone , in a two-room apartment that served as his law office as well as his living quarters .   
 Most of the women wore tiny aprons. t Make a study of the evolution of dress. How many different purposes does clothing serve?   
 This is sheer sophistry. The fact that Japanese reactionaries have not yet dispatched their troops abroad cannot serve as proof of non-revival of Japanese militarism.   
 We all live in tents, one class to a tent; after several months in use, the tents still exude a rancid odor of tar and grease melting under the broiling August sun. The tent has raised wooden platforms with an earthen path between them. The platforms serve as our sleeping quarters; that is, each of us is given a straw mat to put on the platform, and that becomes his bed.   
 From the orchard bounds a deer , evicted from his usual daytime bed in the willow thickets . Everywhere are rabbits , calmly accepting quarters on our hill , which serves , in Noah's absence , for an ark .   
 The root and its branches prevent the plant from being blown over by the wind. Some plants, such as the sweet potato and beet plants, have roots which serve still another purpose.   
 That was bad enough , Frank and Bill thought . But the crowning indignity was a little flap , like the tongue of a shoe sewed on sideways , that served as a fly at the front of the trousers .   
 It is an isolated note that does not appear to be attached to the chorus ; on the contrary , it seems quite independent of what follows . It shows up at the beginning of some solos , serving no apparent melodic purpose , as if the musician had just wanted to check the pitch or tone of his instrument .   
 We were surveying the completed sealskin roof. " It is clumsy, but it will serve the purpose, and that is the main thing, " I went on, yearning for her praise.   
 We want the United States to back up our defense, but we don't want an American " presence ". But we feel that the U.S. must follow through with its new resolve not to serve as the continuing " policeman " for the world.   
 Mr. Regan told the audience of 100 Colorado business leaders that he disagreed with some of the Tower Commission's conclusions about how the Iran-Contra affair was handled by the White House, but didn't elaborate. He said he spent more than 14 hours testifying on the controversy and concluded that the Tower report "does serve as the benchmark and starting point for other investigations."   
 At that point , symptoms of anemia may already be visible . Heme and its precursors are widely distributed throughout the body , serving in such vital functions as activation of enzymes that control cell respiration .   
 They were immediately arrested and executed within four days , and many of their supporters suffered the same fate . If it served no other purpose , their ingenuous action , and that of others like them , was a personal sacrifice of vicarious atonement for the callousness and brutality of many of their fellow countrymen .   
 Picasso's villa at Mougins, France a village near Cannes where he has lived for the past ten years is especially suited to this life-style. Most of the rooms are not so much furnished as rigged to serve as make-shift studios.   
 "I'm a believer," he says. His only concern, he says, is that an AIDS hospital "could serve as an even greater magnet to San Francisco."   
 New swarms are then built up from individuals that stayed behind in the homeland . The mass suicide clearly serves as a final limit to population growth .   
 Do all parts of your skin receive the same sensations? Which parts serve you best as organs of the sense of touch?   
 " There must be six at least. Wood will serve well enough for the others.   
 He stumbled blindly along the passage leading to his quarters . Before he could close the door of the little cubicle that served as a cabin , the squadron leader's big shoulders blocked the opening .   
 Nephews and nieces drop in for a meal or an overnight visit , with their pals , their banter , and their plans . The older generation often serves as a home base for the rest of the family .   
 The Supreme Court has given little meaning to the Ninth Amendment. But Sen. Humphrey tried, without success, to get assurances that Judge Kennedy shares conservatives' view that the amendment wasn't intended to serve as a vehicle for recognizing new rights. Some liberals say it can serve that purpose.   
 Hazme con los ojos senas que en algunas ocasiones los ojos sirven de lengua. Make signs with your eyes Because sometimes Eyes serve as a tongue.   
 They were enormous concrete structures looking like six-story buildings lying on their sides. Two of them were built to be towed across the Channel and sunk opposite the invasion beaches, where they were to serve as sheltered docks in which ships could unload in any kind of weather.   
 Such a criterion referenced measurement base, then, is another key component of the information environment which is essential for a system of individualized education. It can serve as a diagnostic tool for instructional prescriptions and as the basis for the periodic evaluation of student growth.   
 The octopus produces a dark liquid . This inky liquid serves as a " smoke screen " and helps the octopus escape its enemies .   
 In general , the American posture has been to encourage the Europeans to get together , but they naturally find it easier to agree about what the United States should do than to agree on ways they themselves could pick up a bigger share of the load . Sometimes this has served a useful purpose .   
 At the very least , we should modify it , perhaps by giving children every year a large number 50 or 60 of authorized absences . Our compulsory school attendance laws once served a humane and useful purpose .   
 Our strange disregard of children as people appears in other ways. We rarely notice when we see them as resources to serve adult purposes.   
 Its budget for the fiscal year ended June 30 was $7.4 million, of which almost 80% came from government sources. When reformer Lillian Wald founded the Henry Street Settlement in 1893, financier Jacob Schiff cheerfully wrote the checks that enabled her to aid the needy and buy the red-brick town house that still serves as settlement headquarters.   
 Descendants of farmers who migrated up the Missouri River in late prehistoric times , the Mandans , like other settled peoples of the central Great Plains , built fortified earth-lodge villages and cultivated maize , squash , and sunflowers . Their settlements served as mercantile centers in the trade between whites and nomadic tribes of the plains .   
 They live on the land, but not by the land. The woodcock is a living refutation of the theory that the utility of a game bird is to serve as a target, or to pose gracefully on a slice of toast.   
 Heretofore, all the major commercial reactors built in the U.S. were " light-water reactors, " or LWR'S, with massive steel reactor vessels enclosing tens of thousands of long, thin, Zircaloy tubes full of uranium oxide. These tubes are bathed in ordinary water whose function is to serve as a " moderator " to keep the nuclear reaction going, while extracting heat and creating steam.   
 In San Francisco and in Des Moines, Iowa, similar homes are in operation. They serve as a welcoming base for prisoners just released from prison and not yet quite ready to be on their own in the community.   
 " They just assume he slipped. " She didn't mention Doc Grannick's complaint about two missing dredges and damage to his hoist; it was circumstantial, and would serve no purpose to be noised about as speculation.   
 Phil and his colleagues next studied breathing requirements for a protective gas mask; in four years not only was a mask perfected, but a new device for measuring air speed into the lungs. Reports which went to the Office of Scientific Research and Development still serve as basic design criteria for gas mask equipment, also for clinical studies of breathing in asthma and other pulmonary diseases.   
 But the brick exterior looks for all the world like a bomb-proof storeroom. The two corrugated metal buildings serving nearby Rice University as media center and campus museum bring to mind large toolsheds ordered as knockdown kits from a farmer's catalog.   
 Certainly that is what it sounds like to me. It is so ridiculous, number one, that it sounds like to me that it was something that was invented even though it would be denied, it would still serve as a propaganda thing.   
 The same or different messages may be directed simultaneously to as many output lines as desired. For a stand-alone application, either the core memory of the minicomputer or compatible disc files serve as the data base.   
 Stop code is programmable to one or two bits. The Unibus bidirectional bus structure of the PDP-11 can serve as a multiplexor for adding interfaces.   
 Even more serious is the belief that some therapists are playing it safe by refusing to take on patients showing a tendency to violence. Asks Saleem Shah, the chief of the Antisocial and Violent Behavior Branch at the National Institute of Mental Health: "What societal purpose is served when the people most in need of treatment are turned away?"   
 " Where are you going, monsieur? " asked the coachman, who had already divested himself of his white gloves. " Come, " thought Eugene, " since I am in for all this, it had better serve some purpose.   
 Even more significantly, they reveal to us the image of an art still in gestation hence, regardless of what people may say about it, still progressing an art which, at the time of Louis Armstrong's Hot Five, was still a long way from having found the equilibrium that characterizes true classicism. Perhaps a parenthetical note might serve a good purpose here.   
 Stuyvesant wanted to fight the accursed interlopers , but his cannon were rusty , his powder old , and most of his soldiers disenchanted with the idea of fighting . There was a passionate scene in the upper rooms of Kieft's old tavern , which served as the city hall , but Stuyvesant could not arouse any enthusiasm for battle .   
 It droops slightly to permit it to relax and drain the water from the arm as the arm lifts out of the water . Bending the elbow slightly as the arm is lifted out of the water serves the three following essential purposes : First , it releases the tension of the arm flexor muscles and permits them to rest .   
 I swore then that whatever the result the new day brought , I would do what I could to abolish this ridiculous and unnecessary anachronism , the Electoral College . For it serves no possible purpose except to invite the very kind of insecurity in which we were then embroiled .   
 Even if BP doesn't eventually raise its tender offer, the First Boston evaluation could enrich Standard shareholders by lending credence to a group of class-action lawsuits that accuse BP of bidding too little for the company. "The First Boston $85 estimate fell on deaf ears at BP, but it will serve as ammunition for the class-action suits already filed," said Sanford Margoshes, an oil-industry analyst at Shearson Lehman Brothers Inc.   
 Primitive and ancient societies drank mainly in groups . Alcohol served as a symbol of group identification .   
 A steel sphere attached to the top of the station would be used by aquanauts for entering or leaving. Two additional spheres attached to the bottom of the station would serve as observation points for studying the undersea environment.   
 Both drogue and probe must be removed and stowed before the astronauts can pass from one module to the other . To one side and below the work positions is another hatch , a rectangular opening which serves as the doorway to the lunar surface .   
 Domestic chickens reached the New World with Columbus and the colonists. The poultry aboard Columbus' ships was supposed to serve as food for the seamen, but many chickens escaped and soon populated the West Indies with their descendants.   
 Are they in good taste? Do they attempt to clarify and illustrate what the author says, to make a further point, or to serve only as eye-catching " come-ons "? 6.   
 Grumman, prime contractor for the STARS surveillance system for the Air Force and Army, said Boeing Military Airplane Co. alleges that certain Grumman technical directives represent changes to the requirements of the subcontract between the two companies. Boeing Military, one of two major subcontractors on the program, has an $80.2 million subcontract to modify two Boeing 707-type aircraft, called E-8A's, to serve as aerial platforms for the system, Grumman said.   
 As it is being applied to the capsule by being injected into fiberglass honeycomb, the gummy phenolic-epoxy ablative material has a consistency somewhat like that of toothpaste. Later, it hardens like plaster, is machine-shaved to the desired thickness, and then given a high polish so that the shiny surface can serve as a reflector for tracking radars on earth.   
 Les Willis conducted us and displayed a few of his own paintings not many, because, like Pro Harte and others, he sells them almost before the paint is dry. A dealer from Sydney had just been round the bedrooms, sheds and garages that serve as studios.   
 Behind the barracks are two privies , both four-seaters . The door to the women's privy is missing , but the rank growth of weeds serves as a door .   
 In addition, the Reagan administration is expected to propose a federal insurance program for catastrophic illnesses. The plan probably will serve as a catalyst for congressional action on the subject, and lawmakers will struggle to enact a law that, like the administration's, doesn't cost tax dollars.   
 " You said I didn't have to have my tonsils out , and I'm not going to have my tonsils out , " she screamed at the doctor . Before he could get her on the desk which served as the operating table , she kicked him in the stomach .   
 How can it be possible, you wonder, to ring so many changes on the basic design of a single-storied house with either three or four bedrooms and a sitting room, kitchen and usual offices? The answer, I suppose, is that all human fingers look much alike and serve like purposes, yet we are assured that no two are identical.   
 Rice takes the place of money . Piled up in the people's store , it serves as food for the army stationed in the encampments .   
 Draped, it also turns into a bed and, in an affecting scene, it becomes the college green where Seneca (expressively sung by Will Roy) philosophizes to three slack-jawed bikers. More often, the table serves as unhappy hideout for that dreary empress Octavia.   
 I really wanted to become a comedian . Comedy writing served as my apprenticeship .   
 Edison's proposal isn't totally new -- deregulation has become the buzzword of the electric industry -- but the utility's size and clout should enhance the idea's impact. "It's definitely going to serve as an inspiration for other companies sitting on the sidelines," said Daniel Scotto, a utility analyst for L.F. Rothschild, Unterberg, Towbin.   
 That has apparently angered Wal-Mart, which is spending thousands of dollars to get the law repealed - so far unsuccessfully. "We just don't feel the law serves any viable purpose," says Jim von Gremp, Wal-Mart's director of corporate and public affairs.   
 Another dream illustrating a connection between hostility and flying is the following : " I am strafed by enemy planes . The enemy is unknown and the war , for me , serves no purpose .   
 Some claim that this was the Promised Land sought by Moses , others say it was the site of the Garden of Eden . Forty miles from Beirut , the road to Damascus is cut by a massive stone overpass and gateway , which serves as the border control of Lebanon .   
 He anticipated , in most respects , developments in America a quarter-century later . His reasoning could have served as a model for Soviet planning a hundred and forty years afterward , as also for the Tennessee Valley Authority and current projects for modernization of many backward countries .   
 In arranging the disposition of one of the banks, Bank of Iron County, Parowan, Utah, the FDIC used a new technique in which the agency essentially paid the institution that purchased the failed bank to take all of the loans, including the bad ones. This should be less costly for the FDIC than the agency's usual practice of purchasing the bad loans itself, according to FDIC officials who hope the transaction will serve as a model for future bank failures.   
 White in color, it chooses dark nights to appear before mountain travelers, snatching their lunch baskets from them and muttering sullen threats; it also scares horses, hunts down outlaws, and works all sorts of evil. The Chonchon has the shape of a human head; its ears, which are extremely large, serve as wings for its flight on moonless nights.   
 To do otherwise will just foster the spread of Communism throughout Latin America . It serves no useful purpose certainly not ours to blame the Communists for everything , thus absolving ourselves from any responsibility for the conditions that gave them a foothold in Guatemala .   
 It didn't matter much to other countries when Korea contracted in 1980. But in a world in which so many economies are counting on exports to provide what few jobs they still have, why would anyone want to risk toppling the only economy that seems strong enough to be willing and able to serve as a net importer?   
 How were clans formed in traditional Africa? What purpose did they serve?   
 American Express's chairman, James D. Robinson III, and other company executives have long expressed frustration at the stock price, analysts said. But a partial sale of Shearson could serve other strategic purposes as well: A sale of shares to the public or to another company would pump additional capital into Shearson.   
 Would anyone know where I was? It might be best if I could lie here undisturbed long enough to grow a beard that might serve as a disguise.   
 Agreement even on relatively trivial matters, such as common safety standards for forklifts or children's toys, takes years. So many tedious Council of Ministers meetings end without real progress on major issues that reporters joke that there is one opening line that serves for 90% of their stories.   
 " This very short notice seemed intended to surprise us , " he observed . At noon on January 11 , 1774 , Franklin walked to the Cockpit , a section of Whitehall Palace which had actually served as an arena for fighting cocks in the days of Henry VIII .   
 " It's important to stress that these are recommended , not essential , subjects . In a sense , mastery of these courses at high school , higher technical school , armed-forces school , or college levels serves as your insurance for a career in field engineering .   
 This was enough to put a real dent in the holiday cheer. But it did serve as a reminder that most of the Iran-scandal talk around here about negotiating for hostages is egregiously shallow.   
 This may be a danger signal of overwork or an indication of the presence of an infection . The weight chart , therefore , serves as a guide for the coach in prescribing the amount of work for each individual swimmer .   
 You each sat on a bundle of newspapers . They served as cushions of a kind .   
 " Fuchs stuffed the tennis ball into his overcoat pocket . It had served its purpose .   
 For more than a decade, the Soviets steadily have expanded their conventional forces in the Far East, developed an overseas military presence in Vietnam and North Korea, and upgraded significantly their nuclear arsenal with SS-20 intermediate-range missiles, backfire bombers and ballistic-missile submarines. In the event of a global conflict, Moscow's current military strategy would serve two purposes: first, the effective immobilization of America's Pacific forces; second, guaranteed access to the open oceans for the enormous Soviet Pacific fleet.   
 One set was fixed in the base of a table lamp. Another maker displayed a window shade within which flexible wires had been woven to serve as an antenna to " intercept " radio signals.   
 " Another reports , " The Guards even showed us two kinds of cartridges one live , one blank and told us how to tell the difference by weight so that nobody could mistake one for the other . " A major attraction was the football field at a high school adjacent to the university , which now served as a landing strip for the Guards' helicopters .   
 In fact, Kim Dae Jung believes the government is talking openly about the prospects of confrontation with protesters in order to create a climate of fear in the country. Such fear could serve two purposes: provide a pretext for a military crackdown or, short of that, encourage Koreans to vote for the ruling party candidate as a step toward stability.   
 Disney declined to give the cost of the new entertainment area. Michael D. Eisner, Disney's chairman and chief executive officer, said Typhoon Lagoon will also serve as the setting for a planned Disney movie of the same name and as an additional backlot shooting location for the Disney/MGM Studio already under construction.   
 In the case of some of these instruments for example , the Persian kemangeh the bow was not passed over the strings , but just pressed against them , while the notes were produced by moving the instrument . In other cases , a skin-covered drum served as the body of the instrument : the Persian rebab , for example , had a single string made of hair , and a peg .   
 Among export-led electricals, Sony, which rose 170 to 5,090 Tuesday, fell 40 to 5,050. The issue has served as a key sentiment indicator for the market since the October crash, but rumors Wednesday held that a large Japanese brokerage house is switching its emphasis to the steel and heavy industrial sectors on feelings Sony had temporarily peaked.   
 How does he go about letting the rest of the world know about it? Perhaps a recount of how I got my start will serve as an example to others who would like to travel the same path.   
 A stern or serious appearance would be appropriate at the scene of an automobile accident , but inappropriate at a Christmas party . The blind individual should practice different facial expressions while the sighted instructor serves as his mirror , giving him accurate feedback until the blind person is able to produce different facial expressions accurately .   
 In earlier years, some were simply decorative, such as the crude but beautiful plaster plaques of children's handprints, and paper trophy ribbons that bore such flattering legends as " Best Daddy of the Year. " But there were useful gifts as well shoe rags decorated with hearts, and painted orange-juice cans to serve as pencil holders.   
 The droppings show that each grouse roosts, feeds, and loafs for the duration of the storm within the narrow confines of his leafy camouflage, safe from wind, owl, fox, and hunter. The cured oak leaves not only serve as cover, but, for some curious reason, are relished as food by the grouse.   
 -- Col. North relied on a wide network of acquaintances, contacts and associates inside the FBI for information and assistance. This group included agents who helped guard his home, interviewed him in his White House office, and served as a link to a secret brotherhood of "free-lance" U.S. intelligence operatives whom he described to the FBI as "rogue" Central Intelligence Agency agents.   
 As farmers irrigate their lands, most of the water will percolate down into the depleted aquifer. This will serve as water storage for the town to pump back when needed.   
 From 1683 to 1701 there were several major revisions in the document , but from 1701 to 1776 the constitution of Pennsylvania remained unaltered . When the founding fathers met in Philadelphia to draw up a constitution for the United States , the Pennsylvania charter still containing portions of Penn's original work served as a model in many respects .   
 " The Emperor called his Lord High Chancellor and instructed him how to run the kingdom during his absence . Meanwhile the Scarecrow was taken apart and the painted sack that served him for a head was carefully laundered and restuffed with the brains originally given him by the great Wizard .   
 If NATO strategists were to start from scratch, they would probably devise a specialized " forward defense " element, backed up by mobile defense using fewer but better armored formations to counterattack any penetrations. U.S. forces, also fewer but better, could then serve as a tactical reserve for SACEUR instead of being tied down to the defense of one part and not the most dangerous part of the front.   
 Mr. Johnson breathes life into what otherwise would be dusty chronicles of obscure events. In this instance the theme is that the Jews serve as a "pilot" for humanity, with their knack for turning "their particular fate into a universal moral."   
 Removes the Command Module containing the astronauts from the launch vehicle in case of an emergency on the pad or during the period before the stack reaches sufficient altitude for the Command Module to separate and re-enter on its own . Serves as the control center and living quarters for a lunar landing mission .   
 Westinghouse Electric Corp. and Mitsubishi Electric Corp. have also played the engineer-exchange game, and Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and Sony Corp. have announced they are exploring a swap program. So far the companies and engineers are pleased with the results, suggesting their success could serve as a precedent for future exchanges of technical people.   
 All you have before you is death. Is that what you want? Pain alone can thus serve as a warning.   
 Japan's No. 2 auto maker is falling victim to the kind of problems that have battered Detroit, the kind that Japanese companies exploited to decimate the U.S. auto industry. In fact, Nissan could serve as a textbook example of how to go wrong.   
 She was led through the dismal and dirty streets to an unbelievably filthy , crowded tenement house , typical of the time . She found her patient lying on rough planks which served as a bed , and there were several children in the room , half-dressed in rags and looking as though they had not eaten in a long while .   
 The law the cabinet proposes to implement ahead of schedule allows the government to revoke the licenses of financial institutions from countries without sufficient reciprocal privileges for British concerns, or deny new licenses. The law is meant primarily to help British financial concerns gain access to foreign markets, rather than to serve as a weapon in other trade disputes.   
 Yet he fears that momentum may be lost, that NATO could lose effectiveness in the years just ahead, unless Europeans -- as well as Americans -- challenge some "cherished assumptions." But there's no certainty they'll do so, and NATO's ability to serve as Western Europe's main defense might weaken.   
 But , even in those far-off times , going back several decades , I don't believe that even one test team relied solely on the spirit of adventure . Marcel Doret , whose career serves as an example , was chief test pilot for the Dewoitine Company before the last war .   
 Marco Polo saw with his own eyes how the Mongols were bringing peace and order to the wild lands in the heart of Asia ; how they had linked up distant corners of their empire by a system of swift messengers , and had established a standard currency to encourage trade . The Polos carried golden tablets of safe-conduct from Kublai Khan , which served as passports and ensured them the best service at inns and posthouses where fresh horses could be found for the journey .   
 This unrelenting drain has depleted the native cutthroat trout , and reduced average fish size by two inches in the last five years . The important aspect is that the cutthroat serves as food for the endangered bald eagle , pelican , osprey , grizzly and other wildlife .   
 The crowded airline schedule is a problem requiring a large good-faith effort from both private and public parties. For the near term, the FAA will serve as a catalyst in this process.   
 Troy Gordon in Tulsa World It can exist on the tops of high mountains , buried in deserts and hidden in rain forests . Both constructive and destructive , it serves admirably as a menu item and in medical research , while producing havoc in vegetable gardens .   
 He has a fleet of buses and trucks that haul workers in and out of the San Joaquin Valley . He operates out of the " slave market , " a big fenced-in lot that serves as a hiring hall .   
 They said the CIA provided this intermediary with money, and instructed him to spend some of it in Lebanon to prove his wealth to the kidnappers. At the same time, the sources said, the CIA arranged to have a boat off the Lebanese coast to serve as the transfer point for the ransom and Mr. Kilburn.   
 I could never take Hegel, and since Marxian theory is based on Hegelian dialectic, I was protected from the beginning. I wonder whether large doses of Hegel would serve for general immunization.   
 As a theory , this model market has been admired for its elegance and great generality . It has served as a basic analytic tool for professional economists and perhaps always will ; no other theory can safely go altogether against it .   
 General Motors Corp.'s $700 million buyout of H. Ross Perot served "a fundamental business purpose" because the auto maker's crucial relationship with Mr. Perot had broken down irreparably, said Roger B. Smith, chairman.   
 Some women feel their babies much more strongly than others do , depending on their own body fat and also upon the position of the placenta . If the placenta lies in the front of the mother's uterus , serving as a sort of buffer between the unborn and his mother's abdominal wall , she may feel her baby only slightly throughout her pregnancy .   
 Charlemagne built the octagonal palatine chapel , the oldest part of Aachen's venerable cathedral , and was buried there in 814 . The marble wooden-seated throne on which he sat on ceremonial occasions served for the coronation of thirty-two German emperors , kings and rulers between 813 and 1531 .   
 The public schools teach American citizens to believe that historic progress comes from politicians and social activists claiming new rights and enacting new laws rather than from entrepreneurs launching new products and other breakthroughs. Mr. Lambro's book serves as an incisive antidote to this bias in American education.   
 Even then , the unashamedly neo-Nazi German Reich Party managed to elect five members to the 1949 Bundestag and its successor had to be banned , that is driven underground , in 1952 . There were , however , two other parties which , between 1949 and 1961 , served as a convenient rallying ground for right-wing groups .   
 It was by far the largest army that had ever been mustered in Christian Outremer. The True Cross would serve as its standard, as was customary when the whole army of the Kingdom marched to battle.   
 Once upon a time, before the Ayatollah Khomeini's revolutionary hordes appeared on the scene, this was a peaceful picnic spot. Nearby stands a dusty, dilapidated 40-room tourist hotel that now serves as a barracks for Iraqi soldiers.   
 Otherwise these wanderers might steal the rich harvest from the farms. What purpose did the priests serve?   
 But these run out in time. Your own education, versatility, and ingenuity will serve as your best protection.   
 The tenant and his family lived in two ground-floor rooms of the house, which left two rooms above and a large, empty loft. Two nuns could have a bedroom to themselves; there was a large room that could be used as a communal sitting room and dining room and the loft would serve as a dormitory.   
 When the law's forecasts proved erroneous, Congress was left with an unreachable target, they assert. The legacy, they fret, is a deficit goal that serves mostly as a rhetorical device that Republicans are using to complain about what they see as the Democrats' lack of resolve on the budget issue.   
 Iron, magnesium, manganese, molybdenum, calcium, chromium, cobalt, copper, and zinc are known to be essential to life, and vanadium, nickel, and tin are thought to be. Metals, often incorporated into proteins, serve as catalysts that initiate or assist in biological reactions.   
 Delivery is 60 days ARO . Ampex Corp. , Culver City , Calif. For information : Circle 509 on Reader Card The Execuport 415 cassette recorder connects to this manufacturer's Execuport 300 and serves as a storage unit for the portable terminal .   
 Occasionally, perhaps in one case out of ten, the buffer servant may drag along an unwanted item, but the fantastic speed makes up for such slight errors. What all this means is that inexpensive core will continue to serve as a useful device for some years to come, and will be made and sold in large quantities.   
 You were saying goodbye to fields and trees , and even to headlands of fields where a plow never got and where not an ear of barley had chanced to grow . In all these corners there were bits of things , machinery , broken delft , cowhorns that had served as funnels , machine oil tins and the rags and remnants that the scarecrows wore .   
 Like a sinner reciting an act of contrition, Green throws down upon his own head a handful of ashes. They also serve as a veil to conceal his true face.   
 But he tacitly rejects it , as he does the Scherzo that Haydn employs in place of the Minuet , or the Scherzando into which he transforms it . Haydn does this most strikingly in the Russian quartets of 1781 works that in so many other characteristics served Mozart as models .   
 Goodbye . " This in a town founded in 1638 , where the first public building the Puritan settlers had built was a dirt-floored church which also served for town meetings !   
 " If a man wants his money before payday , the grower gives him an IOU ( scrip ) redeemable at his store . Cooking is done on a small , unvented , open-flame kerosene stove , which serves as a heater in the cold weather .   
 I am always impressed and puzzled when I stop to think about the discoveries of prehistoric man . He must have explored his environment with great thoroughness , learning which plants could be eaten , which were poisonous , which served as drugs or medicines .   
 " Yes . When I recall what he once was But that serves no purpose !   
 Time and again, after resolving to devote myself to the sweet uses of technical philosophy, I would be urged once more to enter the fray, often by the very people who had advised me previously that I ought to turn my back on politics and write books for eternity." This may well serve as the apologia pro vita sua of a man who has been one of the most constant and effective controversialists of our time, and who as a result has had to hear such descriptions as "relentless," even by those who agree with him.   
 Solving the problems of the Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. by merging it into the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., as proposed by three former government regulators (editorial page, Feb. 25), would serve no useful purpose but could delay legislation to recapitalize the FSLIC.   
 This is no place for you , this is a place protected . All right , you can unhook it now , it's served its purpose . "   
 But most citizen suits are brought under the Clean Water Act because it requires companies to file public reports listing pollutant discharges into public sewerage systems, says Katharine H. Robinson, a lawyer with the New Haven-based Connecticut Fund for the Environment. Records showing discharges above permitted limits serve as a legal admission of guilt, lawyers say.   
 Until the fifteenth century, beeswax candles were used almost exclusively in churches because of an ancient belief that bees originated in Paradise. When the candles harden, volunteers trim the base with red and green paper frills that serve as decoration and protection against the drip of hot wax.   
 This minority, having nothing more to lose, could accept its alienation and its isolation for what they were, with a desperate fortitude denied to the members of an ostensibly prosperous society. Yet in so doing this minority could imbue its awareness of dispossession with a universal significance, making its melancholy serve as symbol of the alienation of modern, urban man.   
 " Didn't ben Sirach sum it up , at least in the general sense ? He did , but the general sense no longer serves .   
 I don't wish to be blinded . " " Nor I ! " broke in the Saw-Horse ; so a pair of green spectacles was quickly fastened over the bulging knots that served it for eyes .   
 The new strippable wallpaper can be removed from a room in minutes and can be stripped cleanly even from dry-wall without damage to the walls . It even leaves a thin film of paste on the wall , which serves as a good sizing for the next papering job .   
 A person who believes that sexual expression can be a means of spiritual as well as physical communication with another human being has the facility to help others to relate various types of sexual expression into a unifying whole within the framework of their religious or ethical convictions. This discussion should serve as a useful step in this needed direction.   
 Soldiers returned to El Barillo in March with more handouts in their continuing effort to win hearts and minds. The story of El Barillo, which served as a guerrilla logistical base from 1981 through 1985, is in many ways the story of contemporary El Salvador.   
 Governor Shafer was more blunt; he said, "However improbable, the constitutional fact is that you electors across the nation could upset the will of the American people as expressed last November 5, if you chose to disregard their mandate." The agony of those uncertain moments on election eve serve as sharp reminders that we must take positive action to safeguard our country against the specter of an undecided election.   
 The revolt has continued with the rush of academic support away from the National Party and to the campaigns of two Stellenbosch-area independent candidates running in the May 6 white parliamentary election. More dissatisfaction with the government will be aired, perhaps this weekend, when a group of about 30 professors, who have served as a government think tank, releases a statement described by one of the participants as "dynamite."   
 It depends upon the existence of some equilibrating factor. That factor is monetary policy, which serves as a moderator to fluctuations in nominal gross national product and together with a rather sluggish adjustment of prices moderates fluctuations in output and employment.   
 The Congresses form the legislative body at each stage; they make the decisions and enunciate the laws. Executive Councils, to serve as the administrative organs, were elected by the Congresses at each level.   
 She includes a couple of memorably poignant letters from Dimitri Mitropoulos, whose initial enthusiasm for American innocence and idealism and subsequent disillusionment ("I am alone, completely alone") parallel the trauma of Mahler in New York. But she cannot be trusted; even if accurate, her unsavory anecdotes and surmises are so thin one is left asking what higher purpose they serve.   
 African singers used this device to make certain parts of their songs more important or to give them emotional intensity . In jazz , vibrato serves much the same purpose and also sets up a rhythmic pulsation within the larger rhythm of the piece a beat within a beat .   
 Even food habits change . Celebrations that are based on rites or reasons that have no application today would cease unless they served a purpose .   
 If there really are readers who want this combination of material , which is a publisher's marketing decision , not a reviewer's problem , then this book covers it well . My only reservation would be that the absence of exercises limits its usefulness for the claimed purpose of serving as a textbook .   
 Along with keeping industrial production going around the clock , the factory maintains agricultural plots for raising pigs and growing vegetables , dormitories for unmarried workers , eating facilities , and an array of anti-aircraft guns discreetly shrouded in canvas . And it serves as a center for subtle group dynamics and political action directed toward motivating workers to increase output .   
 " And, really, if you examine it critically, the Gump looks very well as a figure-head. These great palm-leaves, for which I have endangered my life seven times, must serve us as wings."   
 A total of thirty-one pairs of spinal nerves emerge from these regions . The spinal cord serves too as a pathway for nerve impulses to and from the brain .   
 M. Servan-Schreiber's victory does not for the present alter this plain fact. But it does serve as a warning that a lot of people may be growing weary of a government that has lost General de Gaulle's intellectual unorthodoxy and settled into a padded conservatism.   
 The health system is also financed by compulsory payroll deductions (although high-income earners may choose a private plan, and about 8% of the people have). Germans receive a booklet of health-insurance tickets that serve as vouchers to pay for both routine visits to doctors and dentists and major medical treatment.   
 Core of the system is the boy or girl of 18 , drafted for 36 and 24 months of active duty , respectively . During peacetime , this army of draftees serves both as a training ground and as a deterrent force .   
 And even though aides to Mr. Regan have been sniping fiercely at Mr. Buchanan in the press, suggesting he has "out-Agnewed Agnew," they are unsure how to regain the political initiative. And even as they flail, some admit Mr. Buchanan has served a useful purpose by acting as a lightning rod to deflect criticism.   
 In the bedroom there were two army cots , on one of which lay Will's sports jacket and his sun glasses . Apparently they had served their purpose and Fred did not plan to use them any more .   
 The Coonley House of 1908-1910 at Riverside , Illinois , is a good example of the planning and elevations he worked out to express his beliefs that a house should use contemporary forms , should encourage domesticity , should serve as a shelter for cultivated activities and should accord with the personal needs of the owner . This complex served also as a school run by the Coonleys .   
 The Senate Budget Committee's plan makes similar choices, but hasn't yet passed the Senate. The budget resolution, once it is reconciled between the two chambers, is supposed to serve as a guide for budget decisions throughout the year.   
 The ultimate objective of the class swimmer is utilitarian , that is , to be able to swim quite a long distance comfortably for pleasure and safety . It also serves as a preparation for lifesaving techniques as well as being a " feeder " for varsity competition .   
 The driving rhythms and electrifying climaxes pleased audiences enormously . The piece also served as a signal to Nela , saying in effect , " No more now .   
 This can be gauged from the complete absence of such instruments in contemporary Italian paintings and sculptures . Later on , bowed instruments imported from Germany and France served as models to the Italians with the result that their craft of instrument-making took an upward trend , leading to a unique mastery .   
 In July 1949 , after the initial success of Dr Erhard's experiment in free-enterprise economics , the party firmly rejected all economic planning and fundamental social reform . The strong and determined leadership of Konrad Adenauer served as an effective substitute for a programme .   
 Before leaving for Vietnam he had begun hearing testimony about more shootings in the Co Luy area by Task Force Barker that day . The unit in question was Bravo Company , 4th Battalion , 3rd Infantry , which had served as a blocking force two miles to the east of My Lai 4 .   
 Nomura Babcock is owned jointly by Nomura Securities Co., the giant Tokyo-based securities firm, and Babcock & Brown Inc., the international investment banking firm. The companies said that Eastdil, also based here, will serve as Nomura Securities' real estate investment banking arm in the U.S. Babcock & Brown and Nomura Securities representatives also will sit on Eastdil's board and management committee, the companies said.   
 Burn it into the drawer of a chest. " He argued that this technique would serve as a constant reminder to the consumer that the merchandise was growing older.   
 We've been letting the boys saw the bars off the windows. " During my investigation, I searched for communities which had tackled the problem and which might serve as models for the rest of the nation.   
 Worse, some of the townspeople made use of Burial Hill as a quarry whenever they needed a slab for a doorstep or some similar purpose, carrying off the fallen or broken stones heaped up in a corner of the burial ground. And there were some who did not hesitate to pull down standing stones if these seemed to serve their purpose better.   
 And then there are more esoteric items. Richard J. Bertero, a trustee of the California Academy of Sciences, recently gave $25,000 to the academy to fund restoration of the stuffed grizzly bear that in 1952 served as a model for California's current state flag.   
 On the positive side, there are now "very few other places to get tax-free cash flow," says Tom Ochsenschlager, a partner in the Washington office of Grant Thornton, an accounting firm. Also, Congress severely restricted the supply of tax-free municipals that don't clearly serve a "public purpose."
 Meanwhile, the boom hasn't made a dent in the huge pool of adults who aren't counted in the labor force because they aren't even looking for work. "If New York's comeback didn't serve as a magnet, under what conceivable circumstances can we see these people coming into the mainstream?" asks Mr. Ehrenhalt of the Bureau of Labor Statistics.   
 This was because " Sulphur Island, " as the Japanese called it, was only 760 miles south of Tokyo. It would serve as an emergency landing point for the big B-29 bombers flying from Marianas bases to Japan.   
 Many have stayed on , and , says the ABA , " There has been a notable improvement in the caliber of justice dispensed . " In fact , the Chicago traffic court now serves as a " teaching court " for judges from other districts .   
 Desperately he poked his neighbor in the ribs and there began a tussle which caused the bus driver to pull to the side of the road and threaten grave punishment if there was not an end to the goofing around . The set-to had served its purpose for Mike , though , and he entered the school building with his nerves and muscles a little less taut .   
 A good number of grownups try to bridge the gap between the worlds by translating what children say and in the process changing its meaning entirely. Since what children say is so frequently shocking to respectable adults, these translations serve the comforting purpose of transforming the starkly primitive into the blandly innocuous.   
 The air supply used is often a mixture of nitrogen and oxygen or helium and oxygen . The rope or " lifeline " serves as a communication link , if no telephone is used , and also as a means of hauling the diver to the surface .   
 When he lands, I'm going to present him with a typed and bound thesis, Methods of Pollination Used by the Orchids of Flora. My thesis will serve two purposes to restore his sanity and to show him who's the boss.   
 In 1964 Tri was summoned to Saigon, where Trinh Ba Te, now the leader of the NLF for the area, asked him to develop Go-Yeu as one of the key villages in the struggle against the Americans. Go-Yeu was to serve as an entrepot for munitions, foodstuffs, medicines, and clothing arriving in sampans from Cambodia.   
 They owed him that. Under the influence of feelings he could not restrain, he produced a document which might serve as a model of everything that a diplomatic paper ought not to be.   
 Their dispassionate faces, discerned through the black veils, suggest powerful emissaries of fate, silently directing the course of people's lives. In the film, the kurogo serve part of their theatrical purpose as well by assisting a character to deal with props or to change a set.   
 Mothers model femininity for daughters and sons. Fathers may serve as models for sons of what a man can be like, and give daughters some feeling of how to relate to a man.   
 The real question about greenmail is this: How do we control waste without doing away with the benefits that an aggressive outsider with constructive plans for a company can bring? We should allow greenmail that serves as a management-consulting fee, and that forces entrenched bosses to improve corporate operations.   
 The weather on our day of departure seemed a happy omen . It was a blue and windy May morning that served as a tonic to everyone's spirits .   
 Whether or not Germany could have won the war , she was certain to lose it if the gigantic production of American factories reached England in sufficient quantity . On this proposition the lines were drawn for the epic " Battle of the Atlantic , " in which the U-boats served as the vanguards of Germany's defense .   
 The pressure of the immense weight of a sixteen-thousand-foot depth of ocean water on such a rift may affect it, too. Wherever a fissure opens, the magma from below can ooze up and find its way into subterranean cracks and chambers that will serve as reservoirs.   
 I have dared to point out that the rise of ultra-orthodox and right-wing extremists such as Rabbi Kahane and his Jewish Defense League and others may in a large measure be a reaction to the super-liberal activists who have taken over so many of these organizations. Mr. Rothenberg's comments should serve as a warning to those who develop these agendas that there is a substantial segment of Jewish citizens who do not agree with their views.   
 What is self-fulfillment ? It is that inner glow , that personal gratification , which comes to you when you know that you have done something well and that what you have done has served a useful purpose .   
 Donna and I had expected the usual Christmas program routine that occurs annually in schools throughout the Christian world , but we hadn't reckoned with the Eskimos' idea of a party . Starving for recreation to alleviate the boredom of a long winter , the Christmas season serves as a physical and emotional release .   
 GRADED ONLY ON THE QUALITY and quantity of its biomedical breakthroughs, the pharmaceutical industry gets a solid A. Graded on its ability to get these wonders to market, however, the industry merits a weak B. In recent years, industry and university scientists "have made the conceptual and technical breakthroughs (in biotechnology) that will serve as the basis for all kinds of new drugs and diagnostics for years to come," says Herbert Weissbach, director of the Roche Institute of Molecular Biology, a research organization funded by Hoffmann-La Roche Inc., a major pharmaceutical concern and a unit of Switzerland's F. Hoffmann-LaRoche & Co.   
 " A spokesman for the Country Fire Authority said this morning that there is every indication that the fires are man-made . " It is a tragedy , " he said , " that has struck with bewildering speed and no useful purpose can be served by minimizing the risks involved .   
 In the twenties John L. Lewis , president of the Miners Union , had been the chief enemy of the Communists and had purged them from the industry . This served the double purpose of eliminating his opposition in the union , and carrying out his pact with the mine owners to reduce the labor force and introduce machine mining .   
 One of the great achievements of the period after World War II was the codification of the rules for international trade in GATT, the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. Even though it is honored as much in the breach as in the observance, it still serves as the norm.   
 The bearish performance of Nippon Telegraph & Telephone shares also chilled trading. NT&T has served as a sentiment weather vane for the market lately, portending, according to some observers, whether general share prices can or can't be primed for a rally.   
 " Some radio gadget , I suppose ... . Let's go aboard . " They crossed the rough plank that served as a gangway , and jumped down onto the deck .   
 She was obviously curious about Zalie and me , but she didn't waste time staring . She bowed decorously at us all and retreated to a charcoal brazier in the corner of the room which served as a kitchen .   
 The discharge of a gun will likewise summon chicks , but with less satisfactory dividends . What served as their dinner bell before the day of axes , mauls , and guns ?   
 The most realistic is that Mauro De Mauro , for many years a leading figure in the investigations into Mafia big shots and their activities , had stumbled on an unusually " hot " piece of information . His abduction could have served three purposes : to find out how much he knew of the dangerous truth , to stop him from publishing it and to find out from whom he had learned it .   
 A giant double-woven (reversible) Ojo, or a number of large Ojos alternating side-by-side, make a lovely, inexpensive room divider. Mounted in a bathroom window, a single Ojo may serve as a colorful shade, allowing sunlight to filter through the weave and cast patterns on the opposite wall.   
 NEW DEVELOPMENTS in data processing and sensor technology are making the satellite an increasingly valuable tool for earthbound prospectors seeking clues to mineral deposits. Early survey satellites served commercial geologists mostly as platforms for aerial photography, helping them find faults and fissures in the earth where minerals might occur.   
 Although Federal Reserve officials didn't mention the dollar's recent decline against most major currencies and its negative impact on the bond market, many economists believe the Fed recognizes the close correlation between a sinking dollar and falling bond prices. The Fed's "highly visible" tightening "serves as a counterpunch to the pervasively negative psychology toward the dollar in the foreign exchange markets," said David M. Jones, a senior vice president at Aubrey G. Lanston & Co.   
 Betel shops dot India's landscape. They are found in the most remote villages and on almost every block in urban India, where they serve as gossip centers, too.   
 They chose 100 guinea pigs 15 percent of them high achievers , bound for college ; 60 percent average students ; 25 percent low-achieving potential dropouts . Another 100 , similarly chosen , served as a control group whose work in the regular program would provide a yardstick to measure Allied Health Project achievement .   
 A federal appeals court in Philadelphia also upheld the law in 1985, and the mine owners appealed. The Supreme Court said its past rulings suggest that a land-use regulation may result in a taking of property if it serves no significant public purpose or if a landowner is denied "economically viable" use of the land.   
 Consequently the walls and partitions, wood or otherwise, of any house should contain fire stops on at least the floor lines and the roof to seal off any fire that could otherwise travel upward through them. Many types of commercial insulation, when thick enough to fill up the space completely, serve this purpose.   
 She slipped through a thick tangle at the edge of the abandoned village and was attracted by the rustling of several rats that were working through a kitchen midden , when a more enticing sound caught her attention . Even before she began her stalk on the rats she swung through one of the thatch-roofed pole huts and leaped easily onto a wooden platform that had once served as a bed for an entire Seminole family .   
 There are passages here and there from which connoisseurs alone can derive satisfaction; but these passages are written in such a way that the less learned cannot fail to be pleased, though without knowing why... Leopold undoubtedly felt that to be regarded in earnest as a " serious " composer, he lacked the most essential quality: the impulse, the divine spark. He knew that at best he could serve as a model only in slight degree; so he sought elsewhere for models.   
 He had been gone for days and had forgotten her birthday . She was not angry ; she had joked about the corny words serving as theme song for all Geminis , schizophrenics and dedicated scientists .   
 The way I figger it, the bull whales were hot after a cow and they forgot to check the tide. " Perhaps this explanation will serve.   
 But worst of all , due to the lack of chloroform and ether , the only known anesthetics , hundreds of wounded men went under the knife with nothing except a few swallows of strong whisky to deaden the pain . Surgeons used sharp penknives for scalpels ; tree bark strips served as tourniquets , splinters of soft pine as bullet probes , while fence rails were used for splints and crutches .   
 Yet the warmth of the greeting did not reassure Tuomi . If Galkin was serving as the bait of a trap , this was how he would behave .   
 Nicholas Callaway's "Georgia O'Keeffe: 100 Flowers" (Knopf, 118 pages, $100) is the sort of coffee-table book that, laid down horizontally, might actually serve as the top of the table itself.   
 In 1969, Taipei literally stank of poverty. A haze of charcoal smoke rose from the buckets that served as stoves for women who did their family cooking on the sidewalk.   
 At that time, the International Maritime Satellite Organization, or Inmarsat, decided it would be more expeditious to choose the shuttle and the Ariane for its next three launches -- even though the Russian bid was lower. "The U.S. stand in relation to the Soviet Proton rocket, which was suggested as a carrier for Inmarsat's ship-to-shore communications network, can serve as a classic example of bias," Stepan Bogodyazh, International Liaison Department chief of Glavkosmos, told a Moscow newspaper.   
 Greco is no artist. My copies are not even good copies, but they serve their purpose.   
 But milk is in short supply almost everywhere, and many African countries must import meat. Goats, sheep, and chickens are found throughout Africa, and serve as important meat sources.   
 " There is no reason why a man should sleep on a bed that might be made of rocks because he is trying to conceal himself for a day or two. Your mother has given us these quilts, which, placed on the sacks, will serve the purpose.   
 A spokesman for the National Association of Insurance Commissioners said the group is examining whether limits should be placed on junk bond investments. If it concludes regulation is needed, the group would draft legislation that would serve as a model for states to consider.   
 The farther we went , the bigger the farms , the farther apart . Rising up out of the snow were large , prosperous houses and barns , many of them flanked by sturdy groves of cottonwoods , straight , symmetrical rows that served as windbreaks .   
 The ladies of the best French society , in time of trouble , headed straight for the Pentemont . As things turned out , it served Rose as a finishing school .   
 It's easy to switch career goals if you already have competence in a particular area of work. You'll have a base on which to build and skills that can serve as a springboard.   
 Synchronized with the attack by what we must remember is "coercive persuasion or brainwashing," was the announcement last February by New York University that it now offers a master's degree in sensitivity training; followed by Redlands University in California with its trumpet blast in May that it, too, starts ST this summer and that it will be mandatory! Here a bona fide quotation quite sensible is made to serve as a base for utterly unfounded assertions and a vaguely horrendous innuendo.   
 The Conference itself would meet seldom, and only to ratify arrangements already worked out in smaller groups or through diplomatic channels. But it could serve as an umbrella for special-purpose conferences among smaller groups of nations on manageable chunks of the European security problem.   
 "I can't afford to retire, and even if I could, I'd miss the excitement of my job," says Mildred Tuffield, who at 67 is administrative director of a New York nonprofit firm. Elder managers can serve a dual purpose: passing along what they have learned and care about, and providing continuity for the company by reminding youngsters what has come before.   
 Not infrequently there occurs in such phrases a note that might be called a resting note . Coming at the end of a period , it serves as a sort of calm zone between two agitated phrases .   
 For many religious people, a fantasy of a sex act that, if performed in real life, would be against the individual's moral code is ethically unacceptable. On the other hand, there are those who consider that the fantasied act may substitute for the real act and thus serve as a harmless avenue of release for more violent and antisocial urges.   
 Make a study of the shelters of early man. To what extent did they serve the same purposes as shelters do now? 167.   
 The island , five miles long and a mile wide , with sandy beaches and pine woods , is one of the Iles d'Hyeres . Its moon-shaped bay , dominated by the 16th-century fort of Sainte-Agathe , has long served as a port of refuge . The single village , with 360 inhabitants , most of them fishermen , is built around a huge square which serves as a parade ground for the troops stationed on Porquerolles .   
 The body spin teaches the pupil to appreciate the potentials of the arm action in swimming . It serves as a lead-up drill in teaching the arm action for the elementary and resting back strokes .   
 He then drew a delicate sketch of the Colosseum with trees and shrubs poking out of its crumbling arches. For centuries, the venerable amphitheater had served locals as a quarry.   
 And on the opposite side of the same wall is what must be one of the most marvelously designed radios ever built, Walter Darwin Teague's "Bluebird Radio" (1937-40). This consists of a great smoky-blue glass disk, almost large enough to serve as a dressing mirror, onto which has been laid a beautifully proportioned shiny metal grid punctuated by the rhythmic circles of the dial and tuning knobs.   
 If the commission were to find the Merc guilty, it could impose fines and order the Merc to refrain from further violations of this type. A Merc official said that the CFTC action "serves no useful purpose" and that the exchange is confident the matter will be resolved in its favor.   
 Sidney rocks the deck against the polished wood until the cards are perfectly aligned. The gold ring on his little finger seems to serve as a device, a neat little fastening by means of which his hand movements are harnessed and made trim.   
 He heard the Scarecrow fall to the ground with a mushy sound , and then he himself quickly dismounted and looked at his friend Jack . The wooden body , with its gorgeous clothing , still sat upright upon the horse's back ; but the pumpkin head was gone , and only the sharpened stick that served for a neck was visible .   
 Hoobin spoke with gloomy satisfaction. "And there be times when only haste will serve."   
 The male bowerbird , it appears , has functioning testes all during the four or five months that he may spend in building and maintaining the bower . The female , on the other hand , is sexually inactive during much of this time , and the function of the bower is to arouse her , after which it serves as a mating station .   
 I remember using textured doormats as well as linoleum which I heated in the stove to soften . The stove served also as my only source of heat because I lived in a cold-water flat .   
 Rather , it is an experiment in group living . When you enter the front door , the first thing you see is an enormous American flag big enough for a skyscraper or a battleship which hangs from the ceiling and serves as a room divider .   
 Generations of human beings cowered in the gloom of these caves and looked out with apprehension into the brightness of an outside world teeming with fearsome animals . Any natural rocky crevice served as a shelter and a protection to our practically defenseless ancestors .   
 Two people were trained at a large state-run factory and then instructed others. Bao Gong operates thirteen other simple cooperatives that serve as the Maoist equivalents of subcontractors to larger plants.   
 The names too are reminiscent of German wine names. They are not much known in Britain, but the following list of vineyards and villages may serve as some guide to the student who stumbles upon an opportunity to taste any, either at home or abroad.   
 Some of these journals are dull and pedestrian, but others are lit by vivid description and by wry flashes of humor. Many of them serve as valuable resources to historians, and a few are of use to the student of literature as well.   
 It was over Sir Pitt Crawley's house ; but it did not indicate the worthy baronet's demise . It was a feminine hatchment , and indeed a few years back had served as a funeral compliment to Sir Pitt's old mother , the late Dowager Lady Crawley .   
 Nuclear deterrence has kept the peace in Europe -- conventional deterrence can't do the same, short of Soviet unilateral disarmament. Nuclear forces that would remain under the agreement are clearly insufficient to serve as NATO's nuclear deterrent.   
 One of the key objectives of last year's tax reform was to create fairness and neutrality in the tax code, but the new law rewards those with home equity that can be converted into borrowing. Another question is: Has the new tax law served the purpose of discouraging borrowing?   
 Undersea vehicles would be vitally important to such a mining installation carrying supplies, construction materials, tools, equipment, and men. They would also serve as ore carriers or submarine tugs, hauling a series of specially designed barges filled with ore to a land-based extracting plant.   
 On the other hand , he promised unlimited support to foreign capitalists who shared his faith in Costa Rica's future and were willing to abide by the nation's rules . In modern Costa Rica the government would eliminate the risks which had served as justification for earlier concessions ; it would guarantee law and order and assume responsibility for all the requisite social services .   
 Apologies were offered for the ordeal he had suffered. Then Lord Richard Howe asked Franklin to suggest a plan that might serve as a basis for negotiations.   
 In the videotape presentation that accompanies the photographs, a banker who spent days helping to rescue clients' livestock remembers chicken and dumplings tasted mighty good at the time, but adds "I haven't cared much for them since." In the final picture of the "mule set" Mr. Dameron shows a mass of mules, interspersed with a few horses and hogs, being unloaded at the waterfront, where men in high hip-waders wait to claim their own and help herd them through town to the tobacco warehouses that served as barns.   
 " It's possible , " said Craig , " but don't count on it . " He told Omar to heave to , and together they manhandled over the side the stone that served as an anchor , then he disappeared into the cabin .   
 Physical energy is usually equated with strength, which, in turn, is confused with bulging muscles and the ability to lift great weights. But intensive muscle development and weight lifting don't serve too much purpose in everyday life except to a boxer and weight lifter.   
 In sum, on the issue of verification, the agreement is ambiguous at best, utterly dependent upon the Soviets not cheating at worst. History provides ample testimony to the Soviets' willingness to exploit ambiguity in arms-control agreements and -- where that is insufficient to serve their purposes -- to flatly cheat, a point that this administration, to its credit, has repeatedly reminded the American public of.   
 Do, do try if it is possible for a woman to understand young people but of course it is not, and I waste my breath. Hold your tongue as much as possible at least, and observe my conduct narrowly; it will serve you for a model.   
 Fortunately , some of them carried rugs which they shared willingly with Arthur . When they finally arrived in gloomy Euston Station , his red muffler served as a beacon for Aunt Annette .   
 If you do aerobics , that doesn't rule out calisthenics . Both are good , but each serves a different purpose .   
 There he asked for Tarisio's nephews , and was directed to a sprawling , low-roofed farmhouse . He entered , and found himself in a roomy , almost bare room which also served as a kitchen .   
 Some plantations use irrigating ditches and let the water flow from the ditches into furrows in the fields as needed. There are no lakes or large rivers to serve as irrigation water supplies.   
 Among these is Denis Worrall, who resigned last month as South Africa's ambassador to Great Britain. He believes a multiracial Natal government could serve as a model for a national solution to the injustices of apartheid, and plans to run as a pro-Indaba candidate for Parliament against a top government minister.   
 They are not yet involved in an overt power struggle because no Chinese leader will willingly be responsible for destroying the unity of China . But the formal political structure in Peking does not reflect the true balance of forces and this contradiction has been serving as a slow fuse to a showdown .   
 John Lewis and Donald Harris , who were making a tour of several African countries as representatives of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee toward the end of Malcolm's second tour of Africa , have observed : " Malcolm's impact on Africa was just fantastic . In every country he was known and served as the main criteria for categorizing other Afro-Americans and their political views .   
 A fourth, Dolmy Business Inc., was formed in November 1985. The same month, Southern Air Transport bought a fifth Panamanian shell corporation, Amalagamated Commercial Enterprises (ACE) to serve as a front for the Miami carrier's work on behalf of a secret airlift ferrying arms into Nicaragua.   
 He was a writer , a prolific one ; yet his writings were nearly all occasional , prompted by the need of the moment . His one book , the Autobiography , was begun as something that might be useful to his son ; that purpose served , it was never finished .   
 He and Mother used one of them as an office and den . The other served as a bedroom for three of the children .   
 In the bar of " 21 " he used to nurse a single drink all night when he was short of funds, in order to meet people and perhaps drum up some new accounts. With another young couple, the Roger Van Schoycks, the Mahoneys also appeared frequently at the Stork Club, to serve as background scenery for a TV interview show.   
 Democracy and tolerance, how glibly these people used these words! Suddenly I didn't like it and exclaimed involuntarily: " Why, what purpose would that serve?"   
 I have known people to travel long distances, even across the continent, to talk to those who have conducted successful anniversary programs. A well-written article can serve the same purpose as this kind of a journey.   
 In the former , Mozart's first symphony in a minor key , the choice of key alone transcends the boundaries of simply " social " music , and even contradicts the nature of such music . What purpose of the day can this document of impetuous expression have served ?   
 Navy units, armed to the teeth, patrolled the city and its suburbs. The Naval College, the home of the once-illustrious 1st U-boat Flotilla, was chosen to serve as the center of the defense of Brest because of its vast underground tunnel system.   
 3. Once a drug testing program is established in local jurisdictions, it can serve as an indicator of local drug abuse and a way to measure the effectiveness of law enforcement and drug-abuse programs.   
 Ten youngsters started a separate company called Act IV Productions and joined the musicians union . Today , Act IV serves as booking agent for young instrumental and vocal groups , and produces its own musical shows .   
 Sometimes they have been approached religiously, sometimes philosophically, and sometimes especially of late even scientifically. Because of the differing approaches used, or differing assumptions that serve as starting points, achievement of any over-all consensus on moral issues has proved just about impossible to come by.   
 Keep it covered . You do not have to take the tree apart to give the balls to the guests ; but food which serves as a decoration soon gets too dusty to eat .   
 And the consequence for those who already have lost their jobs on Wall Street -- or soon may -- appears grim in the wake of the stock market's collapse. Even banks and insurers, which have in the past served as havens for those left jobless by market downturns, seem less likely to offer safe harbor this time around.   
 The sport to which the Tartars were most attached was hunting , even when they had a sufficiency of food from their own flocks , or could supply themselves by raids on their neighbours . Genghis Khan encouraged hunting , not for the sake of the kill alone , but for the skill and endurance it developed , serving as training for the army .   
 Up to a week's sales, inventory, tax, and employee labor information can be captured, processed, and stored in the H-112 in an " average " franchise store, according to the firm. In the basic configuration, TraCom consists of the minicomputer, two keyboard entry terminals that serve as electronic cash registers, two printers, and four cash drawers, plus basic software, at $12K.   
 Turkey's population of more than 51 million -- it may reach 70 million by the turn of the century -- is developing a taste for Western-style consumerism. Furthermore, it is ideally situated to serve as a commercial "bridgehead to the economies of developing Arab countries," argues Mr. Ozal, who is the prime minister's brother.   
 The partnership currently owns 50% of Fox Plaza, a 34-story office tower under construction on a site adjoining Fox Film's Los Angeles studio lot. The tower is expected to serve as a headquarters for Mr. Davis' oil investments and other activities, which were previously centered in Denver.   
 Mary was kneeling, her hands across her breast, her gaze on the sleeping Babe; Joseph was standing beside her. In the background, only their heads visible, were the ox and the ass who had withdrawn from their manger that it might serve another purpose.   
 It does not belong to one nationality; it belongs to all nationalities alike. My hope is that one day it can be made to serve as one link for world unity.   
 Generally the medium closes his eyes , makes some more or less convulsive movements , and shortly thereafter acts as if possessed by the spirit control or other incorporeal personalities that may be called up by the person known as the sitter who is consulting the medium . Messages are given as if coming from the possessing spirit ; the body of the medium is supposed to be serving only as an instrument of intercommunication .   
 Systems Architects, Inc., Braintree, Mass. For information: Circle 337 on Reader Card UPTIME is a combination file management and report generator intended to solve the problem of the frequent need for prompt generation of one-time or periodic reports that were not anticipated at the time a system was designed. It can also serve as the report writing and file maintenance module for systems now being developed, however.   
 EDS said the information processing center will use the company's advanced computer hardware, software and communications technologies. The center will serve as a model to demonstrate practical applications of computer technology within China.   
 Recent patrons included the conductor of a symphony orchestra , a half-dozen U.S. Congressmen , and a 20-year-old Canadian who , after robbing a branch of the Bank of Montreal of more than $9000 , purchased a gaudy Western wardrobe and headed straight for Nashville . The Opry House Ryman Auditorium is an old , red-brick edifice with balconies and church-like windows and cruel hard-backed pews ( which once served Satan's purpose in a Gospel tabernacle ) .   
 He was fully-fledged, brilliant virtuoso after four years' study under Habeneck. He is still well-known for his handbook, The Violinist's Physical Training, and his Etudes classiques, which serve their purpose perfectly.   
 A Southern Air flight with unidentified cargo from an Air Force base in Texas to Tel Aviv corresponded with the sale this year of U.S. arms to Iran through Israel. In the first six months of 1986, federal records show frequent flights into El Salvador's Ilopango military airport, which served as a base for the covert supply operation to Nicaraguan guerrillas.   
 I lit no lamp . The firelight served .   
 The letter argued that "all of Santa Fe's stockholders should be treated equally and given the greatest ability to consider all opportunities to maximize the value of their Santa Fe shares." It added that "Santa Fe's preferred-stock purchase rights serve as a barrier to this goal and, in the interests of all your stockholders, should be redeemed."   
 As in most such transactions, the controlling group's profit was greatly amplified by its initial use of a leveraged buyout. These people put up only about $1 million of their own money and borrowed most of the rest -- totaling about $84 million -- with Harley-Davidson's own assets serving as the collateral.   
 It was becoming more and more a hollow shell. His conservative supporters were fast becoming aware that the dictator would no longer serve their purposes.   
 Their savages' feet , brown and hardened , re-experience the weight of the great shoes we have thoughtfully studded and strengthened with nails . A pair of good " everyday shoes " for adolescents is as weighty as a shackle and our ballasted children frolicked with a shorter stride during those last recreations that served as dress-rehearsals before reassembly .   
 In the past, Mr. Cox has contended that he didn't default on his InterFirst payments. But he has conceded that the economic slump in the Southwest has substantially eroded the value of many of his properties that serve as collateral to the InterFirst loans.   
 The outback no longer appeals as it did; year by year the pull of the cities grows, and one or two Flying Doctor bases have already closed. Yet the purpose they serve is not obsolete.   
 He listens to people. He jumps into the beat-up old vans that serve as collective taxis here and rides around.   
 It was felt a national clearing house for companies in trouble and potential investors could be the answer and that this could be automated. Corporate Finders went looking and found a group with a job-match system under development which they felt could be converted to serve their purpose.   
 The commissioners approved the temporary registration on a 4-0 vote, with Commissioner Aulana Peters absent. Chicago-based Mortgage-Backed Securities Clearing, which was created to serve as the centralized agency, technically doesn't fall under the SEC's jurisdiction until the Government Securities Act of 1986 goes into effect in July.   
 Needs are universal and enduring where products and methods become obsolete. The horse and buggy have disappeared, the passenger train is seldom used, ocean liners serve primarily for luxury cruises.   
 Because of the expanded range of exercise options, the adjustment for age, and the comprehensive data tables, I also hope that physical educators and medical personnel concerned with exercise will find this book useful in supervising physical conditioning programs. Whether this book is used as an individual exercise guide or as a professional reference work, it is my profound hope as a physician that it will serve its readers as a key to health and well-being.   
 For the hammer and trigger the square metal rod that connects door knobs was used . The end of the rod , which served as the hammer , was filed to a point .   
 Not to destroy it. It was much too flattering a pose, and might serve as a reference to win me new lovers.   
 "In South America people refer to pesticide as 'plant medicine' and they don't think medicine is dangerous," says Agi Kiss, a pesticides expert with the World Bank in Washington. In Culiacan and other Third World farming regions, discarded plastic pesticide containers frequently serve as water buckets.   
 Momsen made his first test in the model-boat basin at the Washington Navy Yard in February 1928 . He cut a memorable figure in his woolen tank suit , a clothespin serving as a nose clip .   
 The main bearing beam is sometimes not even a solid wooden beam in houses built by corner-cutting contractors . A common sight in tract housing is several 2 by 8's , side by side on their narrow ends , serving as a main bearing beam .   
 The ancestors of American slaves used music in everyday life to an extent unknown in the West . In Africa , music served many useful purposes .   
 To hear the rebels talk, they are already near victory. "Only a few remaining towns and areas remain outside our control," says Vicente Pelobello, an ordained priest who went underground in 1979 and now represents the National Democratic Front in Negros, the legal organization that serves as a front for the outlawed Communist Party.   
 Whatever the institutions' strategy, companies generally don't like it. "Our pill serves a legitimate purpose," says a spokesman for AMR Corp., the holding company for American Airlines.   
 In addition , Walsh-Corbetta has now taken on the job of winding up the foundation begun by Fehlhaber-Horn . The platform foundation serves as the base for six of the ten structures on the Mall , among them the four agency buildings .   
 Ruins were littered with shards of broken pottery. Libraries were burned or the books torn up to serve as bedding for the conquerors' horses.   
 This opened, as was now usual, with a declaration of the rights of man, said to have been drawn up by Paine. In addition, he submitted a manuscript of forty-five pages full of suggestions declaring that the new French constitution would serve as a blueprint for the revolution of the world.   
 Because the loans were made years ago, some of them carry interest rates that are substantially higher than today's market rates. The decision also serves several other purposes, according to officials and Arab diplomats.   
 Harcourt hinted in its initial rejection that Mr. Maxwell's past business dealings could become an issue. Previous opponents have questioned who ultimately owns Pergamon Holding Foundation, the Liechtenstein-based entity that serves as his investment vehicle.   
 Usually they want to be close to the restroom so that they can reach it quickly should they develop gastric or other unpleasant symptoms . Also , it serves as a kind of " escape hatch " for claustrophobic feelings .   
 One of a handful of other GCP examples is in Texas, where Baylor University's economic-forecasting service produces a gross product figure for each of the state's 28 metropolitan areas and all 254 counties. Ray Perryman, director of the forecasting service, says the concept is valid only if the computerized model of the state economy, which serves as the base for figuring output in smaller areas, is continually updated as economic conditions change.   
 Last year, a similar linking of extra spending to new taxes was rejected by President Reagan, and this one probably would be opposed, too. In addition, the plan must weather amendments on the Senate floor and be reconciled with a somewhat different budget outline passed by the House before it serves as a guideline for later congressional action.   
 There is nothing else to be said . You have served your purpose .   
 Sit still , and hear the last of our sea-sorrow . " He rose , and erect and with firm steps walked to a small rickety table by the other window in the room , which served him as writing-table .   
 The drones are male bees. Their only function is to serve as mates for queens.   
 A mini-Ojo, made from very fine crochet thread or sport or fingering yarn and woven on a skeleton of matchsticks or toothpicks, is a perfect good luck charm. It may be hung from the rearview mirror of your car, attached to a pocketbook, belt or key chain, or stitched to a piece of rawhide or a comb to serve as a hair ornament.   
 Flashing should be used to shed water not only where the roof meets the chimney but also at any other intersections of roof and building , including the intersection of roof with roof , as in ell valleys . The framing lumber that identifies the outer walls and interior partitions , mostly $1 per copy 2 by 4's , serves as a skeleton for the structure .   
 Siegmann told us that U-230 would not be ready for another four or five weeks. We had to accommodate ourselves in an antiquated cruiser, the former Hamburg, which had been stripped to serve as quarters for " crews in waiting."   
 They ruefully wish they had done more before 1965 . Auto makers now generally feel that government safety regulation served a good purpose .   
 An important physical link between the undersea station and the surface was the Personnel Transfer Capsule ( PTC ) . It served as an elevator for the aquanauts .   
 Fabri-Tek's new end-user customers require immediate local service capability, and this means a large and widespread force of customer engineers; Sorbus has over 80 service locations and a maintenance staff of about 1,000. Eight Fabri-Tek regional service centers will be maintained for continuing training of Sorbus customer engineers and to serve in a trouble-shooting capacity and as spare-parts depots.   
 Many are reluctant to create new such markets, because they require extensive hands-on management, they have long start-up loss periods, and many of the choicest sites have been claimed. Some cities, meanwhile, are considering whether other types of urban attractions would better serve as magnets.   
 Then Blanche McGraw took the roses from Rigney and sat back sadly to watch the last game. It didn't matter that the park would survive a few more years and for two seasons would even serve as the temporary home of a team to be called the New York Mets.   
 The stunts performed on the rope were the most interesting to me , however . The tightly stretched line served as a horizontal bar ; it had just enough spring to allow the contestants to combine their strength , nimbleness , and sense of timing into an astonishing array of acrobatic tricks .   
 Afghanistan comes to mind above all in this regard." The arms-control process going back to the early 1960s did serve the Kremlin's purposes in "codifying" the Soviet Union's superpower status, the report says.   
 The box ( ink-print edition ) bears a Kufic inscription in praise of writing and scholarship , and in the row of medallions along the front are the signs of the zodiac . Inside the box are small covered cups for the ink and the sand , which served as blotting paper , and a long slot to hold reed pens .   
 There should be not less than six lanes for pools holding a championship meet . These lines should be in the center of each lane so that each competitor swims astride a line serving him as a guide from one end of the pool to the other . Just 4 feet from each end of the pool a distinctive cross-lane is placed to serve as a warning to each competitor that the end of the course is near.   
 Or at least some of it. There are few surprises, but "Man of the House: The Life and Political Memoirs of Speaker Tip O'Neill" (Random House, 387 pages, $19.95) offers some glimpses into the life and perspectives of a man who, like few others, served as a bridge between the old Democratic politics and the new, and as a transition figure between the gritty politics of ethnic groups and favors and the modern politics of television and reform.   
 If it weren't for love ... The Sugimoto family had sold their telephone , along with their Bechstein piano . The telegraph now served for the phone ; even matters of little urgency were communicated to them by telegraph from Osaka .   
 Housed in an oil-filled inverted steel container , this unit was hooked up by a single coaxial cable to a control console a mile distant on shore . The benthic laboratory served as a kind of electronic traffic controller for the television , audio communication , and numerous telemetering channels between Sealab II and the shore base .   
 Since 1973, about 260 lung-cancer patients had volunteered for the vaccine test. Many served as "control" patients who didn't receive the vaccine.   
 Be of good cheer. " But suppose it's already too late for a doctor now; all that will serve now is a surgeon, someone already used to blood, up there where the blood already is."   
 The only town, Lanai City, was planned and built by the pineapple company for its employees. Tall Norfolk Island pines serve as windbreaks and landscaping.   
 Meanwhile, a woman offers Dan Kelly a $1 bribe to cut into the bulging line and get Ms. White to autograph a book. Finally, it is 2:15 and after a "bye-bye" Vanna White walks out of the book department past the baby clothes, past the housewares, the swim trunks, the hosiery, the health and beauty aids -- all items that could serve as "lovely parting gifts" on "Wheel of Fortune."   
 One feature that makes the GSV-1 differ in appearance from the PX-15 is a pontoon landing-gear structure attached to the bottom portion of the hull. It is to serve as a firm base when the submarine rests on the bottom of the sea.   
 The Boatswain reported that he had already notified the Sailmaker to commence making a new sea anchor, but it would be a matter of hours at best before it could be ready, and they might be ashore by then. Merewether looked about the deck for some object that might serve the purpose.   
 In the year 688 the Caliph Abd al-Malik decided to build over the Rock a splendid dome that would rival the dome of the Church of the Holy Sepulcher. He sent letters throughout the Arab Empire with an appeal for money and for skilled craftsmen, and as the funds were collected, a small domed building was erected beside the Rock to serve as a treasury.   
 Giotto drew the halo in perspective not because he believed in humanism but because it looked good, it worked, and it was new. With humanism developed into a civilization of crude technology, however, a rediscovered Giotto could serve as a touchstone to the Deist persuasion. His work would serve equally well in the opposite direction.   
 In the rest of the booklet we will discuss those traits that distinguish the socially mature person from the immature. They can serve as a guide for your own social growth and for that of your friends.   
 A good first step would be for New Zealand to drop its "nuclear-free" zone rhetoric, which is patently ridiculous when you consider the Soviet nuclear-armed submarines prowling the waters of the world, and again take up its abandoned role in the ANZUS pact. A good second step would be for Australia to expel the Libyan People's Bureau that now serves as a relay station for South Pacific agitators.   
 Perhaps the citizens of Missouri and Minnesota at that moment needed precisely the symbol they got ; and if they did they got good ones . A more original building , say by Wright , might not have served the same purpose .   
 Hypres also has found a way to build thin, multiple layers of a superconductor -- a major step toward making more powerful computer chips, says President Sadeg Faris. Superconductor devices also serve as very sensitive detectors of magnetic fields and certain forms of radiation.   
 " I'll paint over it . It's already served its purpose , anyway .   
 Such as Get Well / Female, Get Well / Male, Get Well / Hospital, Christmas / General, Christmas / Wife, and so on. So eventually your sold file can serve as a handy reference file for generating new ideas in any particular category.   
 Who delights in it or who is repelled? What purpose does it serve?   
 This we knew because we saw behind some rocks at the crest of the hill in the loose soil the imprints left by the bodies of three warriors where they had been lying down in concealment . At their camp we found the head and hoofs of my favorite horse , " Digger , " a fine little sorrel pony , and knew that he had served them for dinner .   
 Thousands died. At Nankai University, a young woman drowned herself in the large pool that serves as the university's centerpiece.   
 Also , small rural factories make a variety of products for their own communities . This dispersal of industry is in keeping with Maoist doctrine , but it also serves important practical purposes .   
 Mission control follows every step of the flight, serves as consultant to the astronauts, advises ways of overcoming unexpected difficulties, makes the major decisions where deviations from the flight plan become necessary, and maintains contact with all of the land, sea, and air supporting elements. Three major systems serve as the Center's eyes and ears.   
 Last summer, Hyeres had to dispatch two tanker trucks of water to Porquerolles when the wells ran dry. Now, a cistern is being installed which will regulate the levels of the different wells and serve as an emergency reserve in case of a drought.   
 But at the convention, the federation introduced its newest program: software that catalogs the tremendous amount of information associated with each object in a museum's collection. A Williamson consultant says that computerizing an art collection serves many purposes.   
 What future taxonomic juggling will do with him is a question. Meanwhile, he is himself, Pitymys, or at least that name will serve.   
 But the new weapons, the new officers and the new men were here in the ship, steaming out to sea after that incredible eight days the first and earliest proof that the giant which was the United States was gathering his strength together. The officers and men who had been left behind would serve as a nucleus round which fresh drafts could be assembled and trained.   
 Spread out on their port side were woods with loblolly pine and live oak ; scabs of blighted ground showing between the trees ; the road to the point . During the week , the end of the peninsula served as a target area .   
 On a related issue, the official indicated that the Reagan administration is not yet ready to accept the new trade bill proposed by Senate Finance Committee leaders. But he said the bill is sufficiently free of protectionist provisions to serve as a basis for negotiations with Congress.   
 The promising plot line leading to a showdown between two master corporate raiders is pursued half-heartedly. Nearly every character serves some symbolic purpose that is laid out in big block letters.   
 The 980 was developed for real-time process control in their own manufacturing operations. One has been modified to serve as message switching center within TI'S internal Telecommunications Dept. The Dallas brokerage office of Rauscher Pierce has a TI 980 which also is used as a message switching center.   
 Even the dead horses and the cows and sheep hanging from the greasy hooks look more inviting. At least we will eat these tomorrow and even the intestines will serve a purpose. But these filthy beggars lying in the rain, what purpose do they serve?   
 We have argued repeatedly that a presidential line-item-veto authority would restore the necessary balance. The strengthened presidential rescission power proposed on this page recently by Sen. Dan Quayle would serve the same purpose.   
 I shout for God and country , recourse to justice under law , fifes , drums , martial music , parades , ice-cream cones America , support it or leave it . The volley of gunfire served its purpose .   
 They lay under a many-fathomed silence , broken only by a running murmur of prayer , mixed with the sound of the Vatican Radio coming over thousands of transistors : " The Pope is in a coma and slowly fading nothing more can be done , but pray . " The chimes of Christus Vincit emerged from radios held next to ears , under arms , inside pockets and beneath buttocks where they served as seats .   
 There are other reasons for the Russians' slow start. One is that the Soviet Union doesn't have a Hong Kong on its border to serve as an example, nor a huge community of entrepreneurial countrymen abroad wanting to invest.   
 Most of the shipments are paid for in " local currency " the currency of the country receiving the food. In many cases, these currencies are considered " weak " and of limited value in the world of international trade, although they serve their purpose within the countries that issue them.   
 Bringing scuba divers directly to the scene of a wreck will be another important contribution by submersibles to future salvage operations. Diving chambers that serve as temporary underwater shelters for aquanauts working at salvage tasks will also play a vital role.   
 Eroticism has supplied the plots of innumerable novels and stories . The " technique of sexual stimulation " and " sex secrets " have been thoroughly exploited , and Henry Miller's novels translated into Vietnamese have served as models of the kind .   
 As with all bushwomen , Bhau has enormous buttocks . To Tutei this feature is a sign of good health ; moreover , it serves a useful purpose as a storage depot for fat that will keep Bhau going during a food emergency .   
 In the mid-19th century it referred to the Habsburg monarchy's ill-fated bid for political domination over all the Germanys in the guise of an economic union. In the early part of this century, Mitteleuropa served as a justification for German, not Austrian, dominance.   
 It can take nearly six months to collect enough fur to make a hat, she says, adding that it's worth the wait. The sweaters serve as keepsakes, reminders of her beloved animals.   
 They defined the meter as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole . Until recently , a platinum-iridium bar kept in an air-conditioned vault near Paris served as the world standard meter .   
 As a Quaker Penn would have liked to abolish capital punishment entirely, but this was not possible under the charter he held from the King. All prisons, according to Penn, were to provide free food and lodging, and to serve as work houses, providing useful employment for " felons, vagrants, and loose and idle persons."   
 But this "deficiency" helps, as it does with the U.S. Constitution, to make the new draft constitution flexible with the needs of the time. On the whole, it is neither its clarity nor brevity nor length that will make a constitution serve its purpose.   
 So the KGB is on the job at Mount Alto, and U.S. security experts are just discovering that the entire U.S. Embassy building in Moscow is riddled with "bugs." The metal bars and beams serve as one large antenna, allowing the Soviets to listen to all conversations within the building.   
 However , its musical meaning cannot be denied . To my way of understanding , it serves as a link ; by means of this simple note , Wells skillfully manages to form a connection between his chorus and the preceding one .   
 About a year before the first victim appeared, however, the factory had begun mass production of acetaldehyde and vinyl chloride, used in the plastics industry. In both processes, mercury compounds serve as catalysts.   
 The researchers said they noted that cats infected with FTLV exhibited symptoms strikingly like those of humans with acquired immune deficiency syndrome, including diarrhea, wasting, and neurological disorders. This contrasts with the simian AIDS virus which can cause infection, but not disease as does human AIDS. Thus, the researchers believe the new cat virus might serve as a model for tests of AIDS therapies or vaccines.   
 James Agee described a tenant family over two decades ago , in Let Us Now Praise Famous Men . It serves , unaltered , as a valid description of what passes for migrant " sanitation . "   
 Your editorial "Breaking With SALT II" (Dec. 2) points out that this so-called "treaty" (which was never ratified, would have expired had it been ratified, and has been violated by the Soviets) has become an "arms-control shibboleth" serving as a meretricious distinction between "holier-than-thou" Democratic "angels" and a trigger-happy president.   
 "These are really the first-generation materials that will be used as a bone substitute," says Paul Higham, the manager of materials research at Howmedica Inc., a subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. Both materials serve as scaffolding into which bone cells and other tissues grow.   
 He hadn't forgotten Helen's blue eyes . But the glass of schnapps served as a remedy .   
 How wrong the whisperers have been ! Indeed , the very first Metterling laundry list serves as a perfect , near-total introduction to this troubled genius , known to his contemporaries as the " Prague Weirdo . "   
 The hospital unit was dumped in a cricket field outside Bloemfontein . A handsome pavilion , its stage , still set with a garish scene from H. M. S. Pinafore , served as the main ward .   
 It taught Lee the necessity of simpler methods and organization . It served its immediate purpose , however , in relieving the threat against Richmond , and it supplied a large part of his army with superior small-arms .
 Only slightly over 100,000 of such houses had been built by 1952, but between 1964 and 1966 this figure doubled, some 30 per cent of building taking place with low-interest public loans for small-income families. Private savings serve as another reliable indicator of economic improvement.   
 Unfortunately, many Japanese still mistake the company for the French maker of fancy cigarette lighters, S.T. DuPont. Soon, a 20-story office tower will serve as Du Pont's headquarters.   
 When the researchers began publishing their theories in 1969, biochemists around the world formed battle lines, launching experiments to prove or to disprove them. Critics charged that superoxide couldn't possibly be involved in cells' chemistry and that, therefore, the blue-green residue that the Duke researchers called superoxide dismutase was really serving some other, unknown function.   
 On the frozen rinks in the 1880's there were no goalies' cages . What served as a goal were two poles bored into the ice .   
 The zero-zero option will remove a vital part of the architecture of deterrence that cannot be replaced soon. The cruise and Pershing II missiles serve a combination of functions that are essential to NATO strategy in an age of growing Soviet military superiority.   
 In the past forty years a group of new and united meetings have been developed , mainly on college campuses , which have ignored the divisions of the past . Scattered from the East Coast to the West , these new meetings are serving as bridges between the differing groups .   
 Its principal function was to demarcate the nomads to the north from the sedentaries to the south . It served also as a means of communication across northern China .   
 And last November, Texas Air, which owns Continental, People Express and New York Air, bought Eastern Airlines for $600 million. Louis Marckesano, a transportation analyst with Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia, predicts that for the foreseeable future, the airline industry will be dominated by the larger companies, with the smaller ones serving as "adjuncts . . . forced to remain in a geographic area or on a specific route system."   
 Next were the cover stories in the major newsmagazines, with the artist's business manager-wife talking about the "love" that the pictures were supposed to express, and the reported sale price of more than $10 million. Then there was the National Gallery of Art's rush to exhibit the pictures, and the announcement of the book that serves as catalog for the show (published by Harry N. Abrams), the first art book to become a Book-of-the-Month Club main selection, with editions forthcoming in a number of foreign countries.   
 Because of a lack of other garbage-dump space, its owners are optimistic they will be granted permission to build it 60 feet higher. Many of the county's schools look like trailer parks, with mobile homes serving as makeshift classrooms alongside school buildings.   
 However after several nights the emperor grew concerned for the health of his generals, who continued guarding his tranquillity at the expense of their own rest. He suggested that pictures of the generals placed outside his door would probably serve the same purpose.   
 At the same time , constant reiteration of the provisional character of the Federal Republic and its constitution ( the choice of the term " Basic Law " rather than " constitution " was deliberate ) has created a psychological climate where this new state cannot begin to take itself seriously and to look to its internal political and social development . The division too often serves as a convenient excuse for the refusal to face up to the agonizing legacy of the past , to take refuge in blind anti-communism , or self-justification , or mere complacency .   
 The third day the sea had moderated to the point that they decided they could replace the mizzen-royal mast and rigging. Fortunately, among the spare spars was one that with some fitting would serve.   
 Among these is a corporation identified by intelligence sources as Democracy International, or Democracy Inc. It reportedly served as an account to fund the network's operation, and to pay for travel by key figures.   
 I have just finished a new barn, " Dichu told Patrick. " Will that serve as a church where we can sacrifice to your God?   
 Her approach can be termed ethnographic. She gives particular attention to the young child's close bond to the mother, which serves as a prototype for the later dependency upon the social group.   
 But the frog inside him made a big hump on his long , trim body . And this big hump served as a brake and slowed him down .   
 After the Kapp putsch and the failure of his own attempt to seize power by force , Hitler concluded that violence was the wrong way to achieve his ends . With the German predilection for legal sanction , he decided , it was essential to use constitutional means , if only to destroy the constitution after it had served his purpose .   
 Life might be short here in the ice-world, Jim realized darkly. Once a man had ceased to serve his function as a hunter, he would only be a burden on the tribe.   
 He added, however, that most of the negotiations about the restructuring of the company had taken place between Hallwood and the FDIC. The arrangement is a better alternative than selling the banks and their assets once they had failed, and could serve as a model for future transactions, said FDIC Chairman William Seidman.   
 Brazil is seeking a quick accord with the IMF that would serve as a basis for debt talks with foreign banks and Western creditor governments.   
 R. R. Graber and Jean Graber of the Illinois Natural History Survey say that in the 50 years from 1907 to 1957 the State's cardinal population increased mainly because of its northward extension . This was aided by the increase of the bird's favorite woody habitats more shrubbery about homes ; small woods and orchards with undergrowth along their edges ; hedgerows serving as fences .   
 When the Moors invaded Spain this instrument became known as rebec in the Western world . A further step forward was marked by the two rosettes which pierced the neck of the body , serving as sound-holes .   
 A document the Florida Democrat and his staff sent committee members on Thursday listed as options three types of curtailment of the popular pension program, including a one-year freeze of cost-of-living increases. After these options were disclosed by this newspaper Friday, a spokesman for the senator said they were being removed from the document, which will serve as a starting point for this week's budget-drafting sessions.   
 From the date of its founding in August , 1790 , to the present time , the United States Coast Guard has played a significant part in shaping our Nation's history . Conceived originally as a small fleet for the collection of revenue , the Coast Guard has grown until today its serves not only as an armed force but also as our foremost agency for promoting maritime safety .   
 These findings are consistent with the original plans and expectations for ECES. The system was designed to complement guidance programs and to serve as an aid to counselors, to help them work more effectively with their students by helping students become better informed.   
 But there also is a general reluctance to drop the belief, so expertly nurtured by the terrorists, that the abductors are merely desperate victims of unspeakable injustices acting spontaneously and autonomously to attract attention to their plight. Thus it was, even after it became obvious that Terry Waite's role in the release of hostages was to serve as a fig leaf for the Tehran arms deal, that support for his mission remained unshaken.   
 The Air Force bases being studied are: Blytheville and Little Rock in Arkansas, Grand Forks and Minot in North Dakota, Whiteman in Missouri, Barksdale in Louisiana, Dyess in Texas, Fairchild in Washington, Malmstrom in Montana and Wurtsmith in Michigan. As previously announced, Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming would serve as the main operating base for the rail-car missiles.
 Contributed by Allan Shweky A young couple we know had to make a number of adjustments when the husband, after working for several years, entered graduate school. With their two children, they moved into a small apartment in one of the thin-walled " temporary " buildings that serve as married-student housing at Rensselaer Polytech.   
 Zack had just told Martin Dunes of his experiences at the edge of the lava fields , hoping that their common enmity of the Sleeper clan would yet turn into a common bond between himself and Wendy's father . The ambush had also served as an excuse to come here , averting for a while a showdown on whether Dunes would permit a friendship with Wendy .   
 Lt. Col. North, however, retained at least one element of the plan in his next attempt to free the hostages, which took place a month later. After obtaining $2 million in ransom money from H. Ross Perot, the Texas billionaire, he again arranged to have a boat off the coast of Cyprus to serve as a transfer point for the money and the remaining hostages.   
 It had been built as a shelter for pigs about to be butchered. Now it was going to serve as a home away from home for one hundred American prisoners of war.   
 Yet it remains there in a prominent spotlight , a monument to instability . If it could perform its function of providing a stable market and adequate liquidity for the trading of stock without inducing the not infrequent mass mania , it would be serving an extremely useful purpose .   
 Each of the four iron atoms in a hemoglobin molecule , for instance , is a " handle " to which oxygen molecules become attached , to be carried throughout the body in the red pigment of the blood . In plants an atom of magnesium serves as the structural hub of every molecule of chlorophyll .   
 Lying is the conscious version of denial , the defense mechanism which operates on an unconscious level ( Chapter 7 ) . It serves only as a temporary tension-reducer , but does not alter the problem situation which is disturbing the person who is lying .   
 The panel noted that since market prices were fairly high when the law was passed, this provision set a ceiling above which regulated prices couldn't rise. Now, with market prices low, it serves as a price floor below which regulated prices can't drop, it said.   
 To have proof, perhaps. Anyhow, when I am dead it will serve no useful purpose and might prove to be a Pandora's box.   
 He was actually crying. It was grown-up undignified grief but it would serve my purpose.   
 " Polls reveal that many of us prefer small-town life, " says Jackson, " and a national growth policy should maintain and expand this choice. " New cities will play a part in the plan, but Romney stresses the value of using the social and physical structures available in existing middle-sized cities and small towns to serve as future growth centers.   
 His stumbling struggle with a Grock costume is a delicate piece of nervous clowning, and his crumbling in the face of imminent death has icy, authentic guignol horror. The other three names in the cast Stanley Rushton, Robin Mayfield, Liam McNulty serve their purpose admirably.   
 It is very likely that the current bombardment by the purveyors of magic diets and miracle cures will continue. Your concept of energetics should serve as a shield of armor to protect you from their missiles and should allow you to direct your energy toward the kind of program outlined here.   
 A new feature, " Out in Front, " makes its debut on page 80, (ink print) opposite the editorial. This piquant glimpse of business life will serve as a frontispiece for the main body of the magazine.   
 Big Kahuna, a New York bar that opened last fall, boasts a three-dimensional fiberglass "wave" measuring 15 feet by 60 feet. Jutting out from it are surfboards that serve as convenient places to plop down a white-wine spritzer.   
 More broadly, the former station chief's testimony is important to understanding what higher officials in the Reagan administration knew about the Contra supply operation. Mr. Tambs said Col. North served as a conduit to these other officials in some cases, and the station chief's testimony reinforced the ambassador's claim that information was passed on to CIA and State Department officials.   
 He used to get only $250 in an entire year from growing rice in the plot . " In a tent that served as RD headquarters , an RD leader talked of the team's accomplishments .   
 "It's a hoax to put people without symptoms on a treadmill and hook them up to an electrocardiograph," says Robert S. Lawrence, a physician and chairman of the United States Preventive Services Task Force, a federally appointed group that is studying physical examinations. A simple blood-pressure test, for example, can serve as a measure of stress at a fraction of the cost and time.   
 The T'ao T'ieh inverts this order and is still more horrible : its huge head is connected to one body on the right and another on the left . Generally it has six legs since the front pair serves for both bodies .   
 At the Fort Worth sale, for instance, a repossessed 1985 Chevrolet Camaro with 41,000 miles sold for $5,300, roughly what a bank might lend for the car and $1,850 less than its top retail price, according to the Kelley Blue Book auto-price guide. Public auto auctions aren't to be confused with the large, dealer-only sales, which serve as a clearinghouse for many of the used cars sold in the U.S.   
 For whatever Africa finally makes of you , and however incomprehensible that continent begins to seem , it does inspire you with a gnawing nostalgia , and exercises over those who have once been there a pull as strong , I think , as the more publicized and legendary pull of the East . Of the New England ports which served as main pumping-stations to the great column of blood down South , Newport was the most active .   
 Computer Methods Corp., White Plains, N.Y. For information: Circle 510 on Reader Card 114-115. The Telecommunications Programming System lets 16-bit minicomputers interface with and serve as front-end processors for System / 360 and 370 cpu's.   
 I was looking down a hole some five feet square , which descended straight into the darkness of the earth . I replaced the platform which was serving as a wooden shield , went back to the car , got my Geiger counter , and started exploring .   
 U.S. officials explain that Hanoi equates public division with national weakness -- just as it did when public opinion was divided during the war itself -- and that only by presenting a united front can the U.S. persuade Vietnam and Laos to cooperate. "We reject divisive tactics, knowing that the Rambos of the 1980s serve the same purpose as the Jane Fondas of the 1970s," recently wrote Ann Mills Griffiths, the executive director of the National League of Families of American Prisoners and Missing in Southeast Asia, who has represented the U.S. in Hanoi.   
 These are rough times for the dozens of U.S., Japanese and European merchant banks in Hong Kong whose main business has been to arrange the foreign loans of Asian countries. In the 1970s and early 1980s, many foreign banks opened merchant banks in Hong Kong because the colony served as the regional syndicated-loan center.   
 In August, when the Olympic Games were being held in Germany, compulsory military service was extended to two years. The Olympics, staged with great pomp and pageantry, were meant to serve as a demonstration of regained German strength and resolution.   
 Across one end was an old-fashioned grate and mantel , and above them a large plate glass mirror . Just now the room was serving as a bedroom .   
 Examples: Agreements, conferences; some of these notes should be read and initialed by other participants Anything about which you may have to testify later Employment record, including dates, duties, salary, names of chiefs Dental record Ideas dealing with inventions or discoveries; for legal reasons these should be dated and also signed by a witness Medical records which may provide lifesaving information Speeches you have made Tax records Some of the notes in this classification may turn out to be so valuable in the future that they might well be stored in a fire-resistant cabinet, or safe, along with investment and insurance records. The written reminder does more than serve as a substitute for remembering.   
 Bank records show that Lake Resources deposited an estimated $200,000 directly into FDN accounts in October 1985. They also show it also served as a conduit of money to support a secret Contra arms-supply operation overseen by Col. North in 1985 and 1986.   
 She wore a full black shirt down to the tops of her muddy boots and a white blouse covered by a large rust wool scarf folded into a triangle and thrown over her shoulders so that it covered her back down to the waist . The points of the long sides were tucked into a brown velvet sausage roll that held her together and served as a money belt and carryall .   
 For some segments of the population , status , success , and drinking go hand in hand . It is as true in professional circles as in blue-collar groups that alcohol serves as a symbol of prestige to many people .   
 It does not mean that we are going to prescribe quotas or numerical standards which a community must meet . " This year Romney asked Congress for legislation placing limitations on zoning , which has widely served as an instrument of housing segregation , intentional or unintentional .   
 She wished she had not started this . It had led nowhere , supplied no answers , served no purpose other than to hurl her back to the first dreadful , fantastic questions .   
 The church , no less squalid than the rest of the building , still had a roof . Without water or light or toilets , it served for quarantine .   
 But the fallacy of judging the state of automation by such sophisticated developments is that the available menu of technology is unbalanced . It serves little purpose to buy the latest marvel in high-production machinery if its prolific output is simply going to pile up on the factory floor while the rest of the plant lags behind .   
 Death and burial always took place on the same day . As a matter of fact , the only delay incurred between the two was the time needed to construct the box that served as the coffin .   
 Though he is almost certain to join Messrs. McCarthy and Wallace in political retirement, Mr. Hart may serve a useful function in prying ajar an encrusted political process in which candidates endlessly debate only the crossing of t's and the dotting of i's in public policy.   
 Both buildings were steel frames embedded in concrete, but the concrete was not expressed on the exterior. Steel I-beams painted black were applied to the facades to serve as window mullions and to provide vertical accents.   
 " Did she say I was giving it up ? " " She takes it for granted now that it has served its purpose .   
 After trying vainly to think of a way to persuade him that these mouse triplets were special, I went to the bedroom and considered the cupboard behind the cook stove. It surrounded the lower part of the chimney, took up a lot of space, was dark, smelly, impossible to clean, and didn't seem to serve any useful purpose.   
 Dubbed Sir Koff-A-Lot, the specially made bear is popping up in recovery rooms nationwide. When hugged by patients who have undergone open-heart surgery, it serves as a pain-relieving splint.   
 The terms of the Warsaw Pact committed the eight nations to go to war if any one of them was attacked during the next twenty years ; and they also gave the Soviet Union the right to station Red Army troops on the territory of the other member states . It soon became clear that the treaty had a double purpose , for it served as a bargaining point in Soviet dealings with the West , and it tightened the Communist hold on Eastern Europe .   
 His mother, Frigga, shed so many tears over Baldur's death that they clustered on the sprig and turned into white berries. Determined that the parasite should never do evil again, Frigga declared that thereafter it should serve as a token of love rather than hate, and asked that all who passed beneath it kiss symbolically.   
 Once European investors get used to the floating-rate securities and realize "they haven't been so bad after all," the investors may be willing to look at other kinds of offerings. "It serves as an excellent catalyst to introduce all sorts of mortgage products."   
 On 24 June 1784 , Carl Theodor decreed a general prohibition of all secret societies ; Freemasons in Bavaria and the Palatinate obeyed at once , and the Illuminati were compelled to follow suit a year later . Weishaupt fled to his protector in Gotha , and in Bavaria that darkness set in again which serves every despotic government as the most favorable pre-condition for its rule .   
 Beyond that, he says, improving the cultural scene makes Cheyenne "a more salable commodity" with prospective employees. Elsewhere, corporate patronage has served as a cultural stimulus.   
 His musicians are 30 controllers who sit at four rows of gray computer consoles . The first row is known as " the trench , " because it serves as the front line for the whole operation .   
 That it did not is due to an act of statesmanship by President John F. Kennedy and Congress in 1962 , making it possible for the nations of the world to share in the benefits of space communication , with no strings attached . The unprecedented offer led to the formation of the International Telecommunications Satellite Consortium ( Intelsat ) , a unique commercial venture which serves as a model of what international cooperation can , and should , be .   
 In human behavior the parallels are shown by a whole list of words that can pass back and forth between the contexts of food and sex : appetite , hunger , satiated , starved . From the biological point of view , food ( nutrition ) serves for the maintenance and development of the individual ; sex ( reproduction ) for the maintenance and development of the species or population .   
 The tavern was old , built in 1644 , and stood on the same side of Main Street as Center Church . It not only served as inn and " victualing house " for travelers , but as post office and general gathering place for Hartford citizens .   
 And that was just the beginning; in 1939, he put out "Finnegan's Wake," once and for all establishing a record for aesthetic perversity that seems secure against assault for as long as the Liffey shall run. That Joycean achievement -- an Irish intellectual mandarin's version of cockney rhyming slang, reinvented from the materials of myth, legend, most religions -- could (although it shouldn't) serve as well as the poetry of W.B. Yeats as an introduction to exported Irish literature for the common reader.   
 But the move, disclosed in an unusual news release spelling out the existence of what was supposed to be a secret investigation by the commission's staff, indicates that the agency likely believes such violations are relatively frequent. Jeffrey Zuckerman, director of the FTC's bureau of competition, said in an interview that the announcement was intended to serve as a warning that the agency intends to punish those who fail to comply with the reporting requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust law.   
 Mozart went farthest along the path of Italianate carefreeness in his Litaniae de venerabili altaris sacramento of March 1772 ( K. 125 ) , in which he took a work by his father as a model and surpassed it . The text actually serves only for private devotions ; but Leopold or Wolfgang nevertheless performed the work , or wished to perform it , in Munich in the Hour Service of New Year's Day , 1775 .   
 " Gordon returned from each visit to the Far East with further acquisitions for what apparently was a most extraordinary private collection of rare Oriental art . Those who had glimpsed it reported that the chateau's library , which served as Gordon's private study , was an overpowering blend of medieval Gothic and centuries of Asian cultures .   
 At dinner it is handy for sopping up gravy. Bread's greatest usefulness, of course, is at lunch time when, thanks to the invention of John Montagu, the fourth Earl of Sandwich, it serves well as an edible wrapper for the food one really wants to eat.   
 That description summed up our attitude toward most girls . They served mainly as a sweetmeat to fill our sex appetites .   
 She was scarcely half a thumb in height so they called her Thumbelina . An elegant polished walnut shell served Thumbelina as a cradle , the blue petals of a violet were her mattress and a rose leaf her coverlid .   
 The Council , says the NATO Handbook in cleared and careful prose , " is playing an indispensable daily role as a forum and clearing house for the widest possible consultation between member governments . " But political consultation had never been the Council's main business ; until the mid-1960's the Permanent Representatives spent most of their time serving as the board of directors of the NATO defense system , itself a full-time job .   
 The wide public acceptance of Aerobics indicates that these objectives have been at least partially achieved . The present volume serves a different purpose .   
 It is a frank , intimate , day-by-day account of their gropings toward the truth concerning survival . The book served as an inspiration to Stewart Edward White , and he refers to it frequently in his own psychical works .   
 In any case , America has not really stood between Japan and Communist China , and the incompleteness of the relationship between the two is basically because of Peking's intransigence and Japan's interest in Taiwan . Still , among the general public , Japan's unsatisfactory relationship with Communist China is blamed principally on the United States and serves as a major strain in the relations between the two countries .   
 Taverns were the way stations for the stagecoaches that were beginning to link the colonies together . There were no hotels , so the upstairs rooms of the grogshop served for the traveler who had to stay overnight to await the next stage .   
 Building and housing plans are never fulfilled. Our prices and our monetary value relationships serve no purpose at all.   
 It was to do with the situation we were in . ( An evasion which has served at many a top-brass crisis conference . )   
 There were the spare oars, very true. They would serve as roof beams, but with what was I to cover them?   
 The plan, drafted by Chairman Lawton Chiles (D., Fla.) of the Senate Budget Committee, would allow military spending to rise at a rate equal to inflation, but only if President Reagan agreed to an $18.3 billion tax increase also contained in the budget resolution. The Senate resolution must be reconciled with a House-passed plan that calls for an $18 billion tax increase, before it can serve as a guide to future congressional action.   
 Superfluities in height were , however , more than accounted for by deficiencies in other respects . He was exceedingly thin ; and might , as his associates asserted , have answered , when drunk , for a pennant at the mast-head , or , when sober , have served for a jib-boom .   
 Perhaps some corporations should be equally stubborn. That classic of science fiction, A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court, might well serve as a parable of the present-day predicament of science and technology.   
 It has been fun writing about the home and its functions a mixture of so many unique ingredients and patterns. Many of them you, too, are aware of in your own homes, but let these serve as a reminder of the importance of a happy home life.   
 "We've been extremely careful since Jack filed the (presidential) exploratory committee not to use these other entities in a way that would advance the presidential campaign," says Mr. Black, the campaign manager. The various Kemp committees served their purpose while they lasted.   
 Plains Indian medicine men also wear unusual headdresses and elaborate costumes . One Blackfoot medicine man covered his body with the skin of a yellow bear , its head serving as a mask .   
 Each of us has to follow his project through , for that is the discipline of manhood ; but we can be sure it will do nothing to improve the universe . It will have served no real purpose .   
 Another method has been proposed which will utilize two orbiting satellites and thousands of balloons suspended in the upper atmosphere. Each balloon will serve as an automated weather observer, reporting its findings to the orbiting satellites.   
 In the heat of a May afternoon , thousands of Navy men poured over the bridge into the well-kept garrison of Tromoey , which had been a German coast-artillery base for years . Our enlisted men were billeted in barracks ; Fred and I joined a group of officers and took over a neat farmhouse that had served as a club .   
 The lieutenant-governor has his office in the bedroom where Queen Liluokalani was imprisoned . Whenever the legislature is not in session , the first floor of Iolani Palace serves as a museum of the monarchy .   
 An area that cannot be reached is obviously not being put to use . On the other hand , one reached too easily becomes a mere " resort " to which people flock for purposes just as well served by golf courses , swimming pools , and summer hotels .   
 It was Friday-night crowded, which was the reason Rick had chosen it. His fire-red Triumph was parked a block away; Heavy's station wagon would serve for the evening's foray.   
 In a desperate effort to break this stranglehold , the Confederates tried building submarines , which they called David boats . Using iron plates that had once served as part of steam boilers aboard river paddle-wheel boats , several experimental submarines were built .   
 In the pure telepathy test there was no object or objective record for the agent or sender to look at; nothing but the mental image or thought of an object. In clairvoyance tests no one knew which object had been selected to serve as target until the time of the checkup.   
 In 1850 Philadelphia Quaker Josiah White died , leaving a legacy for the establishment of schools in Iowa and Indiana . White's Institutes served for a decade or so as boarding schools for promising Indian students .   
 What do they really want to do? What purpose do the results serve?   
 " What are they doing in B Flight's hangar , Bridesman ? " he said . The cigarette pack lay on the packing case which served for a table between the two cots .   
 We did not cultivate tobacco , but found it growing wild . This we cut and cured in autumn , but if the supply ran out the leaves from the stalks left standing served our purpose .   
 He agreed , looking shrewdly ahead , to supply some of the illustrations , and Scribner's agreed to spend $2,000 on its own hook for others . All of these were to become Powell's property as soon as they had served their purpose in the magazine .   
 The Russians took note of this with a good deal of satisfaction and immediately requested the use of the Ceylonese port of Trincomalee . During the Second World War this excellent port served as a base for many Anglo-American operations in the Indian Ocean and at one time was one of the Allies' principal bases .   
 It was near Twenty-first Street over on Ninth Avenue , one of those decaying Chelsea blocks that look as though they've been dipped in wet soot , and except for a couple of dreary bars that kept stubborn closing hours , the laundromat was the only place open . When it had been a pet shop a few years back the laundromat's smeared plate-glass window might have served some useful purpose such as giving the puppies a view of the street .   
 Finally, with the passage of the 14th Amendment in 1868 and its extension as a control over the states in our own century, the substantive good often gained by allowing governors discretion in these matters has become less imperative. However, while it is still around, reflection upon Dennison can serve as antidote to two blinding prejudices, pervasive among students and faculty, that I've encountered as a teacher of constitutional law.   
 Young Quantz lived for seven years with Uncle Justus and his son-in-law , Adam Fleischhack , being trained not only in violin-playing , but also mastering the oboe , trumpet , cornet , and trombone , and studying composition . He heard Antonio Vivaldi's violin concertos for the first time in Pirna ; they made a great impression on the young man , and later served him as models for his own compositions .   
 Green Party deputy Otto Schily, for instance, suggests a "Mitteleuropa" peace union that would lead to the gradual dissolution of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact. The two Germanys and their neighbors would serve as an East-West "buffer zone" in this neutralization process.   
 It had a high , vaulted ceiling , random-width floorboards , and a huge stone fireplace where four or five big logs were beginning to blaze . Overhead , an open balcony lined with bunks evidently served as a dormitory .   
 The final movement is introduced by a kind of darkly heroic cavatina of the first violin and then turns to G major, but it is the disconsolate major that Mozart utilizes in so many of his last works. The theme of this Rondo seems somewhat too trivial to serve as the resolution of the three preceding movements, and creates a slight shock each time it reappears after the " episodes."   
 Adds Howard Sinclair-Jones, executive director of the Ontario Council of Agencies Serving Immigrants, "Canada is shortsighted in assuming only people with money make an economic contribution." But proponents of the new funds say they serve a useful purpose.   
 We have over 300 different titles, ranging from How To Lick a Mole (garden variety) to How To Grow Nuts in Your Backyard (sometimes it's easy to go nuts!). These leaflets serve two purposes: they give readers information for their green thumb library, and they help us answer letters.   
 You've got the shutters down." Myung-Sik Chung, president of South Korea's Pohang Iron & Steel Co., agrees: "They (quotas) were necessary to give the U.S. steel industry time to restructure, and now they have served their purpose."   
 They may each be used slowly, as when the engine is idling or the body is in the basal state, or they may be used at a rapid rate, as when the car is racing or the individual is exercising. They both represent the balance between energy acquired and energy expended, and serve as a reserve store of energy. Fatty tissue provides such an efficient way to store energy that all animals tend to deposit greater or lesser amounts of it within their bodies to serve this vital function.   
 The Select Committee, he had heard, was composed of old China hands, supercargoes who knew the language and customs. Its function was to serve as an agency between the Indiamen and the Hong merchants, arranging for a commission, the purchase and sale of goods and the payment of customs duties imposed by the Emperor.   
 " The downtown theatre , the Avon , had once been a home for touring plays and musical comedies . After that it had served as the local movie house .   
 Among other things, the broader coverage reflects Ms. Karpatkin's personal interests. Each week on a New York radio show, she serves as the liberal counterweight to Mobil Corp.'s outspoken public relations man, Herbert Schmertz.   
 The board also removed Jerold C. Hoffberger, an outside director, as chairman of the company's executive committee, a position he had long held, according to sources close to the company. Mr. Fthenakis was then installed as chairman of the committee that in the past had served as a sounding board for management.   
 He puffed energetically until his face grew red , blowing the skin up like a bellows that helped to smelt the tin . But the stream of air , instead of serving some useful purpose , was blown through a hollow length of bone that had been pierced with a row of holes .   
 Here they became reindeer herdsmen and used their dogs to herd and guard the reindeer . The dogs also served as pets and draft animals , pulling sledges .   
 Airlines lay out their cabins differently, and Delta Force sharpshooters needed to practice with TWA's exact layout before bursting into the hijacked plane. The borrowed jet would also serve as a Trojan horse of sorts.   
 When he wasn't around, I even practiced catching a ball behind my back, although I didn't dare let him catch me at it. It was only a stunt, and he would say that stunts like that would serve no good purpose during a real baseball game.   
 Nobody can do anything out here. I'm just the guy who decides that whatever happens, you and I will keep the law off the broad because putting the law to the broad would serve no purpose in this case."   
 The FAA's supply-side proposals do not address this demand condition. We can start by raising landing and takeoff fees, for example, until they serve as market-clearing prices.   
 Half the structure was laid waste. Until then the 2,134-year-old building had served continuously as a temple, a church and a mosque, presumably under a sound roof.   
 The system has lost $4.8 billion since 1985 alone, and starting today the House will be debating a bailout package to keep the 71-year-old system afloat. In return for their support for the bailout, the banking and insurance industries are demanding creation of a government-sponsored entity called "Farmer Mac," which would serve as a secondary loan market in farm mortgages.   
 Through much of the last century, RJR has hired entire families, and provided them with low-cost housing, day care, even band concerts and baseball games. It was RJR, or its founders, who helped give Winston-Salem a center for the arts, influenced Wake Forest University to come to the city and raised a building so striking -- the tobacco company's headquarters built in 1929 -- it served as a model for New York's famed Empire State Building.   
 The following instructions and procedures are suggested in teaching and learning the higher level skilled strokes, such as: The instruction may be conducted with or without the aid of floating devices. This procedure will serve as a guide to conform to the all-stroke Armbruster method of teaching beginners in the area of the highly skilled swimming strokes.   
 Seeks stories that the child 8 to 12 will eagerly read, and the child 2 to 6 will like to hear when read to him. " We print no stories just to be read aloud; they must serve a two-fold purpose.   
 Its force gouged out deep bays and inlets which provide excellent sheltered ports at Emden, Wilhelmshaven, Bremerhaven and Hamburg. The Forden (fjords) on Schleswig-Holstein's Baltic coast serve a similar purpose, and the ports of Kiel, Lubeck and Travemunde are connected with the mouth of the Elbe by the Kiel Canal.   
 They also account for a good bit of Taiwan's disproportionately large expenditures for its military establishment. The islands thus serve only as an irritant to the Communists and a smoldering fire that might rekindle a broader conflagration.   
 Even after years of marriage, many couples have never developed an understanding of each other's viewpoint, much less a way to resolve the differences. Would a discussion of "having sex" versus "making love" and "man the master" versus "equal rights for women" serve any purpose in your household?   
 Can you find any place on the globe which cannot be connected to one of the balls? Could two satellites serve the same purpose?   
 Chilean films, for example heretofore completely unknown beyond the national borders may no longer remain so, if one may judge from three examples screened at the recent Uruguayan festival, " Cinema of the Third World. " There are obviously many young cineastes at work in Chile especially in the documentary field and perhaps Allende's coming to power may serve as a spur.   
 Their touch and glance were light, as if they were afraid of the bruises they'd left. They seemed to be searching for an attitude that would serve, and as they searched a little humor got in it, and a little pain.   
 " And you know, if you know this city, that my policy is maximum security, maximum police presence, minimum force. " I hope my remarks at this session serve as a sober warning to those who have come here: you are welcome as long as you don't disrupt.   
 If you adore adorning your clothes with hemstitching, embroidery, and similar frills, you'll want the machine with all the features and find it easy enough to operate if you're motivated to spend some time in reading the instruction book and practicing the operating techniques it describes. But, if your taste runs to interesting fabric textures and simplicity of line, the simpler models will serve your purposes and save your money.   
 The farmhouse itself was well constructed , with wide board floors and a roof of hand-split wood shingles . As in log-cabin days the kitchen served as the family living room , with iron and copper kettles and cooking utensils hanging in place about the spacious fireplace .   
 It was not uncommon, say 30 years ago, to see light harness horses pulling plows or harrows. In fact, there are still some sections of the country where light harness horses serve as general-purpose horses on small farms.   
 The English guinea pig is a short-haired type . In modern times the guinea pig has served as a valuable laboratory animal , both for medical and biological research .   
 After all, Communist Yugoslavia did increase its own options with the adoption of cosmetic and never-ending "democratization." As such, it has served as a Trojan horse for communism in the Third World. (Egypt's Nasser emulated Tito by setting up political entities under government control, while Daniel Ortega is only following the Yugoslav 1945-1950 recipe for consolidating Marxist power.)   
 Congress has asked it to suggest ways to provide health care for the homeless. The Social Security Administration wants it to figure out whether physical pain can be measured with sufficient precision to serve as a basis for disability payments.   
 If these questions have enabled you to relive some of your past experiences, you may have felt again the joy or despair you felt then. If you still feel the same way you felt when you had these experiences, they can serve as clues to the strength of your various needs.   
 But the Pilgrims were skeptical, especially when the Dutch asked s5 ($12^50) a fathom for these strings of white and purple beads. Fashioned of periwinkle and quahog shells, they seemed merely to serve a decorative purpose and to fall into the class of " gay apparel, " something not to be encouraged even among the Indians.   
 In a May 5, 1986, article, Pravda set forth the doctrinal basis for the Soviet state's continued total control of the media and the subordination of factual reporting to the objectives of the state: "The party considers television, radio, and the press as a powerful instrument of publicity and social control. . . . True to Leninist precepts, the Soviet press serves as a collective propagandist, agitator and organizer of the masses."   
 Weston's men were interfering with the Pilgrims' trade , inflating prices by offering the Indians almost anything for a hatful of corn . The attack served the triple purpose of eliminating this harmful competition , getting rid of the troublesome Wituwamat , who had defied Standish , and quelling the Indian unrest caused by Wessagusset's plan to attack them .   
 " It would avail nothing. That would serve no purpose.   
 From this information he could identify the object . Your skin serves your body as the sense organ for the sense of touch .   
 It was a large , square room with wainscoted walls and a fine crystal chandelier . Against one of the walls , two bridge tables covered with a cloth served as a buffet .   
 So here, too, one can see the myopia that afflicts the public vision. One of the key values of social-science research is that it can help serve as a corrective lens for the " common sense " beliefs through which the public views society.   
 In Acadian Louisiana the term was commonplace for Christmas gifts until recent years , and is still heard occasionally . In Rome , strenae served as good-luck charms .   
 They continued until 1907 . The quartet was distinguished for its unembellished classical interpretation of Beethoven's entire chamber music output and has served as a model ever since .   
 At the same time, Western-state senators said the budget panel's plan discriminated against them by raising grazing fees and timber-clearing costs. The goal, members said, is to devise a document that can serve as a statement of priorities for the Democratic Party and that also can win the support of 51 of its 54 members in the 100-seat Senate.   
 A severe earthquake in one part of the Pacific Basin can make a shock wave that is like dropping the biggest rock you can imagine into the very full dishpan of the sea . The eddies travel out as fast as the speed of sound , until they reach an obstacle that serves as the edge of the dishpan .   
 Republicans, in the minority on the House-Senate conference, refused to assent to the document. The resolution, which doesn't require the president's signature, would serve as a framework for appropriations and tax-writing panels.   
 However, fragments of bison and antelope bones indicate here, as in other places, that the Folsom spearmen usually hunted the straight-horned bison typical of the time. Dawson picked out several places near Rio Rancho where cutbanks and low stony ridges might serve as a hiding place for the hunters.   
 But it does not give you reasonable assurance of permanent employability throughout your lifetime. And so while it can serve as a useful stepping stone, it should not be considered to be more than that.   
 Ling-Ling ambled out of her crate, sniffed tentatively, roamed about her new apartment, and seemed satisfied. Hsing-Hsing, less of an extrovert, promptly retreated to the dark alcove that would serve as his den.   
 Also, it is less difficult and hazardous to anchor to the bottom of the sea. Link believes that wherever divers may be engaged in underwater operations for prolonged periods, SPID can serve as a dry shelter from their labors.   
 Corporate lawyers planning mergers "are going to be reading these guidelines," Mr. Van de Kamp said, and "they're going to have to take us into account." The guidelines will serve "as a catalyst, a spur to increase enforcement" of antitrust laws, said New York Attorney General Robert Abrams, a persistent critic of the administration and, like Mr. Van de Kamp, a Democrat.   
 The cross at Herod rises at the meeting of two walls of coarse workmanship , without mortar , at the edge of the road . An irregular block has been propped up , and its rounded shape serves as a pedestal .   
 I did not know this house . In youth it had been Ernesta who in summer visited Aunt Cecilia and served as painter's model in the studio down the hill .   
 Critics of the administration noted that many of the president's proposals are recycled from previous budgets. "It's the same old bag of tricks," complained Gary Bass, executive director of OMB Watch, a liberal-leaning group that serves as a self-styled "watchdog" of the Office of Management and Budget.   
 So are five other W.R. Grace directors and countless present and former officers and aides. Many serve as links in Mr. Grace's philanthropic network.   
 The newly formed cells in the root tip form tissues of different kinds. Some tissues in a root serve as tubes carrying water and minerals in the water to the leaves of a plant.   
 Most divers in island waters carry a long line on which to string their catch . The end of this line is tied to an empty plastic bleach bottle , which serves as a buoy to keep the line floating so the diver can tow his catch a safe distance behind .   
 Many times, as a part of their ceremonies, they placed things in the soil, such as dead animals. These dead animals did serve as natural fertilizers, but in most cases the natural environment was just right for farming, regardless of what the priests did.   
 Texas Air has been the subject of criticism for its high debt, but unlike United can compensate for the high carrying costs because it has much lower wage scales. It wasn't immediately clear whether the recapitalization plan also violated certain maximum debt provisions of the company's recent aircraft financing arrangement with Seattle-based Boeing Co., which was designed to serve partly as an anti-takeover measure and involved the issuance of $700 million of notes.   
 Fish helped me make the costumes , and Amanda made a sword out of cardboard and tinfoil . The play was performed in the garage , the Cave serving as the wings , and Mother and Daddy and Fish and Barrett and Mr. and Mrs. Wallace were the audience .   
 The water, of course, is needed by a plant to produce the food that it must have. As the roots grow to a water source, they serve another useful purpose.   
 For over a year the Kings had been sending , through the agency of Madame Blavatsky , letters to Olcott and other spiritualists . While the Tuitit Bey letter was doubtless just a momentary inspiration , it served Madame's purpose admirably .   
 Some experts disagree, however. Michael McConnell, another University of Chicago law professor, argues that, "The Senate can only serve as a check on abuse by the president."   
 This of course hardly explains adult play , except that adults may need to rehearse activities too . Another explanation is that play serves as a release for surplus energy an idea that any human parent can understand .   
 Lacking a new approach, the governments -- especially the U.S. -- have been unwilling to risk convening a G-7 meeting whose results would be subject to intense market scrutiny. A joint statement, reaffirming the principles of the Louvre pact, if not its details, could serve as a holding action until a major plan can be developed next year to overhaul or replace the February agreement.   
 " Yes , and why not ? Fighting stock serves best for that purpose economically .   
 But the materials would require time to prepare , leaving the Vanda unsheltered . A garage would have served for a night or two , but Herman owned no garage .   
 The decision is subject to approval by the Internal Revenue Service. Under the arrangement, Puget Power would be allowed to transfer as much as $100 million in accumulated deferred investment tax credits into non-utility accounts, where the funds will serve as a non-cash supplement to earnings for the next three years.   
 Mr. Nelson, who is related to two senior Care Enterprises officials, owns about 10% of Care's Class A common and about 22% of its Class B common, representing a total of 1.8 million shares. The shares would serve as collateral for the loan.   
 A Cayman Islands corporation believed to be controlled by Richard Miller, the conservative publicist, funneled private money to Nicaraguan insurgents and to a Panamanian firm the National Security Council used in its secret Iran-Contra operations. Bank records for the Contras' Nicaraguan Democratic Force (FDN) indicate that the corporation, Intel Co-Operation Inc., served as a conduit for private contributions to the insurgents.   
 By some estimates, only one in five patients fit into that category. However, billed charges also serve as a starting point for negotiations over discounts.   
 I wondered , romantically , whether the Captain's wife had stood here watching for the first sight of his sails . There were widows' walks in many of the big houses along this coast ; this vantage point might have served the same purpose .   
 Until the last century , the Hebrew language made use of alphabetic letters both for spelling and for numerical notation . The first letter of the Hebrew alphabet " alef , " also served as the numeral 1 . The second letter , " bet , " served also as 2 , and so on .   
 Some daydreaming on a conscious level is useful as a healthy release from the tensions of daily life. It may serve too as an incentive and stimulate the daydreamer on to greater achievement.   
 He quickly dropped the felony charges. The radio equipment was destroyed, so "no further governmental purpose would be served by pursuing the criminal charges," he said.   
 Mr. Kawamura says that, in the current turbulent era, he has little patience for the traditional Japanese management style in his own company. It's in the elite Japanese government ministries where the traditional bottom-up style flourishes unabated, and has served as a trend setter for big-company bureaucracies.   
 "Japan has to recognize that (its) economy is exceedingly vulnerable," Mr. Shultz said. The remarks, while similar to comments that Mr. Shultz and other cabinet members have made in the past, served as a new warning to Japan that it must take steps to reduce its huge trade surplus.   
 Even then , Malcolm's eloquence was evident with all the polish and the finesse he later was to use , rapier-like , to reduce his opponents to ineffective apologists for the status quo . As he continued unfolding his talk to convince me of the worth of the Muslim movement , his words served as a bewitching point , transfixing me .   
 The system was designed to aid PDP-11 users in developing and executing a broad spectrum of software programs . While a program is under development , the system serves as a software interface with the programs being written .   
 Some researchers feel , however , that it does not offer anything that cannot presently be done more economically and efficiently in other ways . As a news medium , for example , it serves no real purpose .   
 The back portion of the head below the ears should ride under the surface . The head in this position serves as a rudder .   
 Rubinstein found a cottage for his family in the little village of Saint-Nicholas-de-Veroce. He rented the only upright piano in the village and put it in a windowless garage that would serve as a studio.   
 Discard those ideas which are least useful. Ideas which remain may serve as headings in your outline and should help you develop the tone and tempo of your theme.   
 They would never be dragged out to be shown to friends or business acquaintances . In fact , they served no useful purpose whatsoever other than to add to the basement clutter .   
 Not all of the volunteers are sighted blind people are able to dial a telephone, too. Kindred hobbies and interests serve as a basis for the newly developed friendships.   
 But nearly all document the beneficial effect aerobics has had on their lives. It has been impossible to respond to all of these letters, so I hope that this book will in some way serve as a means of communicating with dedicated aerobics fans everywhere.   
 Lacking domestic venture capital , Arevalo organized the Instituto de Fomento de la Produccion in 1948 to capitalize economic development with government funds . Although initially a financing agency , INFOP has also served as a development corporation that conducts surveys of the economy , makes plans for future development projects , and manages governmental interests in numerous economic activities .   
 The programming techniques used to implement computer-based systems satisfy this definition . But we must remember that a purpose is practical if it serves any useful function .   
 Displacement , identification and projection are other versions of compensation . Displacement is the transfer of an emotion from the original object or person to which it might more naturally be directed to another object or person which serves as an acceptable alternate .   
 The interrelation between the solidarity of march and hymn and the solitariness of the blues is more subtly evident in Chimes Blues ( 15 ) . The tune itself is a twelve-bar blues , but the improvisatory choruses create an A B C D C structure that comes straight from march music , with strain D serving as trio .   
 " The Cap'n has him quartered in the Treasury Building ! " Under emergency conditions , the cellar of the Treasury Department then served as an officers' remount stable .   
 But more important, by his reactions to her sexual blandishments, it had tried to gauge his devotion to his family. Only if he truly cared for them could they serve as effective hostages.   
 Embryogen just in recent weeks contracted with Upjohn Co., the big Kalamazoo, Mich.-based drug maker, to work on genetically altered laboratory animals, Mr. Holtzman said. The goal is to develop such animals as mice that have conditions similar to human ailments and that can serve as experimental models and test animals for human drugs.   
 Other towns of that day , like Salem or Newburyport or New Bedford , perhaps more prosperous , perhaps more worldly , sometimes have a more elegant architecture : but the plans and scale of all speak of orderly societies whose enormously independent builders contrived to produce individual houses that did not contradict the whole . What they built looked well in many landscapes , served efficiently in many climates , could be built of many materials , permitted a good amount of adaptation .   
 American diplomats say China's increasing criticism of U.S. foreign policy and growing receptiveness to Soviet overtures are part of Peking's efforts to find middle ground where it can best manipulate the three-way relationship. One senior British diplomat says the Chinese are turning the strategic triangle into a seesaw: The feuding superpowers sit at the ends and China stands in the middle, manipulating the balance by moving closer to one side or the other, depending on what course serves it best at the moment.   
 So the Lunar Module became a two-stage spacecraft in which each stage has its own propulsion system . The descent stage , once its job is done , is uncoupled and left behind on the moon , while the ascent stage serves as the ferry to the rendezvous point .   
 These physicists are more-or-less right, of course, but none of this is news to anyone following SDI, let alone to the office conducting the research. In reading the 424-page report (available for $200), we couldn't help but wonder what purpose is served by having 17 physicists with other full-time jobs trying to second-guess the Pentagon's multibillion dollar, 2,000-person-strong SDI effort.   
 But size alone doesn't fully describe Nomura's growing importance in the major leagues of world finance. It also serves as a principal agent in the recycling of Japan's enormous buildup of wealth.   
 Used responsibly, any of them can be tremendously helpful. Intellectuals serve a vital function.   
 Once the basic cubicle is constructed , rock and dirt are piled around and over the structure with an opening left at the top for a skylight , which is the only window . The skylight is sometimes covered with ordinary window glass , but more often the translucent membrane of a walrus stomach serves the purpose quite well .   
 As previously reported, Santa Clara, Calif.-based Intel last month terminated a 10-year licensing agreement with Advanced Micro after that company charged that Intel had violated the so-called second-source pact by withholding licenses for its 80386 microprocessor and 8087 co-processor chips. The 80386 chip is Intel's latest and most powerful microprocessor and serves as the brain of personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and their clones.   
 The arm in this position closely resembles a boomerang. The hand and forearm are swept downward and serve as a base of anchorage for the shoulder to be pulled forward over them.   
 The flabbergasted teen backed off. More often, Mr. Pritchard's comedy served as a counseling tool.   
 In the next , darkness seemed to well up out of the ground , returning the gorge to its primeval past . The boys were glad enough then to sit around the fire with the Kikuyu , or join their parents in the three-sided thatched shelter that served as workroom and dining room combined .   
 Morgan Stanley, a 1983 insider-trading suit in which no damages were awarded, presents an obstacle. But some lawyers say that decision was too narrow to serve as a precedent for many of the current cases.   
 Few books on this subject present as wide a range of empirical data and as unbiased an inventory of prevailing opinion. Its very ambiguity and inconclusiveness serve as a healthy corrective to the recurrent attempts by both friends and foes of the multinational corporation to portray it as a homogeneous force for good or for evil.   
 This has led to the belief that the regions below the sea floor must contain deposits of the same minerals found beneath the land masses. The underwater vehicle, equipped with sensitive detecting devices, could serve as the ideal tool for exploring and surveying potentially rich mineral areas.   
 He didn't specify an amount. NBD expects an early-January completion of the sale of Cirrus Systems Inc., the nation's largest shared network of bank automated-teller machines, to MasterCard International Inc. NBD, which serves as the nationwide switch for Cirrus, is one of six banks that share in its ownership and agreed to the sale, valued at about $38 million.   
 But the dissents cloud the prospects for approval of the recommendations. Although the report may have trouble with factions in the ABA, it still may serve as a catalyst for action on Capitol Hill and in state legislatures because it proposes changes that are more moderate than those debated last year.   
 Meanwhile, Illinois suggested using the "Tevatron" particle injector at its existing Fermi lab to save about $400 million on the new project. The Fermi particle accelerator, currently the world's largest, would serve as the foundation for the new facility, Illinois said.   
 Sometimes brandy , oranges , and lemons were added for flavor . It served as a kind of substitute for sherry and Madeira .   
 The play opened with a set of waltzes for orchestra played under the opening scene : a whirling carousel in a gay amusement park . The score was filled with all kinds of other orchestral episodes and interludes , sometimes heard under the dialogue , sometimes used to tie one sequence to the next , sometimes serving as a kind of offstage commentary .   
 As the Tomcat finished its landing and taxied back toward the buildings, it was clear the crucial test had been a triumph. The Tomcats will serve as " bodyguards " for our aircraft carriers, those seagoing airfields that are so essential to the safety of our nation.   
 Secondly, there is increasing evidence that some of the missing millions generated by the Iran arms sales may have disappeared into the pockets of Iranian officials. The tapes would indicate if U.S. officials knew of any such arrangement and whether any kickbacks to Iranian officials were intended to serve as ransom for U.S. hostages in Lebanon.   
 Among many tribes , each coup earned an eagle's feather , which accounted for the elaborate headdresses of some of the Plains war leaders . Scalps taken from dead or wounded enemies sometimes served as trophies , but they were insignificant compared with counting coups .   
 It felt that the government should stimulate coffee production as a means of financing further diversification of agriculture. To this end, Guatemala should consider the reorganization of the Fincas Nacionales and have them serve as model experiments that private coffee growers might imitate.   
 Brazil is seeking a rapid accord with the International Monetary Fund that would serve as a basis for debt talks with international banks and the Paris Club of Western creditor governments.   
 Neither Mexico City nor Cuzco was founded by the Spaniards : the conquerors simply occupied the Indian capitals and gradually replaced the native constructions with edifices of European style . In Cuzco , part of the ancient construction sometimes served as a foundation for the new .   
 The United States had it , too . For the Erie at once served as the principal highway for the most thickly populated and richest part of the country .   
 For the past sixty years Quaker legislators had been dodging the issue by voting money " for the Queen's use " or " for the King's use " or " for the purchase of Bread, Beef, Pork, Flour, Wheat, and other Grain " when money for defense was demanded. This time however no subterfuge would serve.   
 Such sites exist in normal cells, too, but they are normally covered up and appear only during cell division. Burger has proposed that surface alterations in dividing cells, both normal and cancerous, serve as signals that set off synthesis of DNA in the nucleus.   
 Buyout analysts also look at two other ratios: equity value to earnings and equity value to after-tax cash flow (net income plus depreciation and deferred taxes). "In taking this three-pronged approach, we find that each estimate serves as a check on the others," says Paul Farrell, an analyst at Goldman Sachs & Co.   
 In a corner, on a second pile of hay, Mike Kelly and Mark lay side by side, sound asleep. Kelly had the rifle cradled in his left arm; his right was stretched beneath Mark's brown head to serve as a pillow.   
 Such vital drugs as quinine cost $100 an ounce , and as a result of these outrageous prices , doctors and surgeons had to find substitutes for the medicines or instruments they could no longer get . Cottonseed and willow bark substituted for quinine ; American hemlock replaced opium ; a mixture of hops and motherwort served instead of laudanum .   
 The company's subcontractors must also provide employment offers to its laid-off miners, according to the agreement. Describing the agreement as "a giant first step" toward achieving the union's goals of job opportunity and economic security for its members, Richard L. Trumka, the union's president, said it "serves as a model for the kind of cooperation that can exist between the coal industry and the union."   
 The SEC economists concluded that trying to end the price run-up is dangerous. "Legitimate research gives some traders informational advantages and their earnings serve as compensation for their efforts," the report says.
 It was conceived as having a function somewhat akin to that of the House of Lords , allowing for moderation and " second thoughts " on the part of the federal government and the lower house . Working beyond the glare of publicity , the Bundesrat has served its purposes well .   
 Recent events in the Persian Gulf serve as a timely reminder that the font of all problems in the Middle East is not the Likud bloc in Israel's government.   
 When passing over an expanse of water, it becomes necessary to employ kegs of copper or wood, filled with liquid ballast of a lighter nature than water. These float, and serve all the purposes of a mere rope on land.   
 During the sprint crawl stroke the hips remain level. They serve as a base for the articulations of the legs.   
 The Junior High School's message was , " We're watching you ; we're onto your tricks ; just step out of line for one second and see how long it takes for the roof to fall in on you . " It could have served as a model for the regulations of a maximum security prison run for exceptionally dangerous offenders .   
 In order to give Bernard some kind of meals to save the cost at the Wimpy Bar... and myself, I, with a background of thirty years of springing, galloping housekeepers have to get out the soap and water myself, then a knife and finally paint and brushes, and rip through dozens of shopping bags full of refuse for the lift. It turns out to be true that blokes are not angels, let alone clean angels, while their girls serve only one purpose.   
 How did armies develop? c How did artisans come into existence? What needs did they serve?   
 Stanley Kravetz, president of Marlboro, Mass.-based Frye, wouldn't comment on the talks. The acquisition of closely held Frye would fit with Reebok's strategy of diversifying its product line beyond soft-leather aerobic shoes, which served as the springboard for its phenomenal growth.   
 Excess liquidity now goes to equities, not to commodities. To end this financial disorder and the world-wide trend to protectionism, we face the following choice: either fixed exchange rates based on key currencies convertible directly to gold, a true international gold standard (we could keep saying "or some other commodity," but monetary authorities have accumulated over a billion ounces of gold, not platinum or pork bellies or baskets of goods); or, as some propose, we could entrust our fate to a World Central Bank -- a monetary United Nations -- whose credit would serve as reserves for all national central banks, including the Federal Reserve.   
 It's time to take a look at bubble buildings . You see them around : sitting over somebody's swimming pool in the suburbs , or covering a tennis court , or in a factory yard serving as a storage shed .   
 Daniel let a few minutes pass before he emerged. He walked casually along the sidewalk to the open end of the street and noticed that the house on the corner had a high hedge to serve as a wall between itself and the avenue.   
 In many cases, employers use tests as an aid in determining aptitude clerical tests for general office workers, finger dexterity tests for light assembly workers, and so on. Such tests often serve as a tryout performance, in which the applicant has a chance to demonstrate his ability.   
 The pact must be submitted to Congress by Oct. 5 if it is to comply with a "fast-track" procedure for congressional ratification. The U.S. has hoped that a trade agreement with Canada would serve as a model for more liberal trading relationships with other countries.   
 He meets with many of the 6000 visitors who come to study Human Resources School and Abilities , Inc. , each year . He also travels the globe to explain the success of Abilities , which has served as a model for similar projects in some 60 foreign countries .   
 For all the blood and treasure spilled and spent on the Egyptian expedition of 1798-9 , the net results in terms of territorial , economic , or diplomatic advantage to France proved to be absolutely zero . But , for once , a foolish war served a good purpose .   
 We must abolish the Electoral College . This curious institution serves no creative purpose , but is calculated to produce chicanery , fraud and uncertainty .   
 " Aliza, who has been listening, begins to interrupt him, but he goes on. " Yet I think the k-kibbutz can still serve a purpose.   
 Progressive construction contracts are most often used when the owner finances the property with construction loans . If the land is owned free and clear , it serves as equity for a mortgage loan which pays for the building costs in progressive stages .   
 Mr. Iacocca will chair the institute's advisory board once the institute is established. Lehigh said the institute will study America's competitiveness; conduct research on productivity and the political and economic environment in which American industry operates, and "serve as a clearinghouse for studies of industrial problems and policies."   
 He never said , Thank you . It was as if Maris weren't a person , who'd done him a kindness , but merely a language gadget , which had served its purpose .   
 I remember one summer in particular because there was at least some excitement during a particular rainy weekend . All the parents had disappeared into their rooms after lunch and all the children had assembled in the dining hall which also served as a ballroom and was used for concerts and other festive occasions .   
 Deep Diver can also lay, inspect, and maintain underwater communications cables. For salvage operations this small work submersible could serve not only as an excellent base for scuba divers to work from, but also as a transport for carrying salvaged items to the surface.   
 Members of a prosperous family and most seem to be prospering repair half a dozen times a year to the photographer's studio to celebrate the latest event. A betrothal, a wedding, christening, first communion, birthday, anniversary, first tooth, first menstruation, new pregnancy almost anything will serve as a pretext.   
 An AFB staff specialist on personal adjustment was assigned to coordinate the project and the next year, 1966, he surveyed agencies throughout the country and Canada to secure data about the subject. This data, which included suggested priorities and methods for developing techniques, was to serve as the frame around which methods and activities were to be developed.   
 Through scattering raindrops they hurried to the Commons , or pasture grounds , of the city . Benjamin waited inside a shed that served as a shelter from bad weather .   
 But they felt that war was something unclean . When a successful warrior returned bringing the four hairs of his enemy's head that served him for a scalp , he had to undergo the 16-day cure for insanity .   
 The IFC, which will provide an $8.6 million loan and a $2.7 million equity investment in the Hungarian project, said financing arrangements for the venture "give an important signal" that Hungary wants to encourage foreign investment in the industrial sector of its economy. Other financing will be provided by Hungarian investors, including the Hage Cooperative, Hungary's grain trust and the Commercial & Credit Bank Ltd., which was established recently to serve as a Hungarian commercial bank.   
 The railroad has functionally substituted for a new superhighway , while sparing Philadelphia the burden of the automobiles brought into town by such a highway . To put it another way , the railroad serves essentially as a remote downtown parking lot and conveyer system .   
 I'm not sure what the boys are doing with their very tight trousers (I sometimes wonder how they manage to get into them), but they hardly seem to symbolize moral control. And then there are the modern bathing suits, skimpy, but also tight and these too hardly serve for either physical or moral support.   
 Viewed anatomically , the human reproductive system was not overly complicated . In a female , from the upper corners of the uterus arose the twin fallopian tubes which served as connecting passageways between the uterus and the two ovaries .   
 Shh. " The instant Angela Ravage opens the door of her hotel suite to admit us I see what a misrepresentation Quincy's account is, and that it must serve as some kind of protective mechanism.   
 There are various theories about the function of play . One common idea is that it serves as rehearsal for adult activity .   
 Under the arrangement, Washington Water will be allowed, over at least a three-year period, to transfer as much as $48.5 million in accumulated deferred investment tax credits into nonoperating income. The funds will serve as a non-cash supplement to earnings, which the company said will help offset a recent earnings decline and minimize any potential rate increases.   
 Papers , broken glass and discarded clothing littered the Yard . The Superintendent's house showed the scars of having served as a billiard hall and saloon .   
 Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. of New York and Fuji Bank & Trust Co. of Japan were co-managers of the 10-bank syndication. Morgan Guaranty will serve as the agent bank.   
 Instead of having to stir the water manually , modern aku fishermen are aided by a sprinkler system , a fixed permanent installation around the stern of each vessel . The sprinkler serves the same purpose as did the Hawaiians' method of stirring the water by hand to keep it foamy , and thus fool the aku into thinking the hook is another mouthful of bait .   
 In the area of Pap analysis, for example, lab technicians at federally certified labs aren't required to pass proficiency tests; it is the only common lab procedure for which such a test isn't required. Congress had hoped that the Clinical Laboratories Improvement Act would serve as a model for individual states to regulate labs not covered by federal rules.   
 The proposal, by Chairman Lawton Chiles (D., Fla.), would trim the deficit by about $37 billion in fiscal 1988 and would reduce the deficit nearly to zero by fiscal 1991. An aide to Sen. Chiles said Democrats on the panel have reached "a general consensus on the rough shape and components" of a budget package, which essentially is the Chiles proposal and will serve as a starting point for budget-drafting sessions beginning today.   
 He made it faultlessly and , at Modenis' gate , turned and called back , " You see , it was not necessary , Professor , but I thank you . " I went on to the shop that served as bus station and news stand , telephone office and agricultural agency headquarters .   
 For that matter, old programs ought to be subject to tough scrutiny as well. Otherwise the government will surely fail to undertake some important new initiatives while it continues to pour money into efforts that serve little purpose.   
 Encouraged by a successful seminar in Rome in 1965-1966, they organized a further seminar in London in 1967. They hoped that the experience gained could be consolidated and used to prepare documentation which might serve as a foundation from which similar courses could be organized in other countries.   
 Bradford never referred to his wife again. The Mayflower sailed to Plymouth Harbor, and after further exploration the Pilgrims found two sites that might serve.   
 This technique may be applied without difficulty whatever the structure of the given theme . This simple kind of paraphrase serves a necessary function because , as we have seen , the literal statement of a theme is rarely satisfying on a musical level .   
 In 1845 the Female Department of the New York Prison Association, under the leadership of a daughter, Abby Hopper Gibbons, founded the first halfway house for women prisoners in the world. Today the Isaac Hopper Home in New York continues to serve as a haven for recently paroled women and girls.   
 Her cabin steps became the stairs to the bedroom loft. Her galley and wheelhouse were rolled into position, intact, to serve as shelters for the milch goats and chickens.   
 Their love affairs with Victorian Gothic are commemorated on many college campuses today. Some of the buildings like Memorial Hall at Harvard and the Chancellor Green Library at Princeton have long since ceased to serve their original purposes and modern students perhaps too readily wish them ill.   
 Philip Morris is even considering selling space to outside advertisers; it already ran an ad for Time magazine on a test basis in its winter 1987 issue. Besides publicizing cigarette brands, the Philip Morris magazine also serves as a soapbox.   
 Buzkashi , the Afghan national sport , is sort of a primitive ancestor of polo and was allegedly brought to Afghanistan by Genghis Khan . It pits two teams of horsemen against each other with the beheaded body of a goat serving as the " ball . "   
 In this , as in some other respects , we might as well extend the idea of " clothing " to include any attempt at improving on physical appearance : jewelry , cosmetics , tattooing , hair arrangement and the like . Clothing has also become deeply involved with sex , serving sometimes for modest concealment and sometimes for display or advertisement .   
 Most worldwide exports are sold through sales subsidiaries like Caterpillar Americas (a Western Hemisphere Trade Corporation); Caterpillar-Far East, a Hong-Kong-based company; or Caterpillar Overseas, S.A., a Swiss corporation. These subsidiaries provide Caterpillar with various tax benefits e.g., Caterpillar Americas pays U.S. taxes at only a 34 percent tax rate and they also serve as much-needed coordinators of the worldwide selling effort.   
 For four blocks around the kidnap hideout , 1000 soldiers stood quietly , many with fixed bayonets , keeping curious crowds at a safe distance , while angle-parked buses blocked the streets to all but police cars . As part of the contingency plans for Operation Cordon , two nearby schools were closed , their playgrounds serving as landing pads for army helicopters .   
 One of the biggest holders of BCI bonds was Drexel itself. Sources familiar with the deal said Drexel got the warrants thinking they might serve as an inducement to bond buyers, but kept the majority because the bonds didn't sell as briskly as expected.   
 