some tart fruits mixed with greens make a nice contrast with rich meat dishes ( see orange and onion salad , page 111 ) , but if you like to follow the meat course with sweet fruit , it seems wiser to serve it plain with a good sharp cheese and let it take the place of a sweet or dessert course . if you insist on serving fruit as a salad , do n't cut it into cubes and mix it up . 
to increase amount of stuffing , preserve ratio of half as much mushrooms as bread . capon stuffed in this manner would most likely be served with pan-fried potatoes , broccoli , or cauliflower browned in oil . 
add a pinch of mace if desired. serve hot or chilled. serves 6 to 8 . 
chill until firm . break up lightly with a fork before serving and garnish each portion with a mint leaf . serves 6 to 8 . 
with black beans : substitute black beans for the split peas and flavor with madeira or sherry wine. serve with lemon slices. with white pea beans : substitute white pea beans for the split peas and serve topped with crumbled bacon bits . 
according to the national restaurant association , about 50 % of new restaurants fail in their first year , 65 % within two years. general mills itself has bankrolled a couple of flops in recent years -- including betty crocker treehouses , which served pie on elevated tables to the sound of tape-recorded bird chirping . 
with considerable justice , it can be said that england 's second successful colony , plymouth , began in an ancient yorkshire inn beside the royal road leading from london to scotland . here william brewster , between serving food and ale and supplying fresh horses for stagecoaches , risked his life to support the spread of religious freedom . 
chill . add the chopped hard-cooked eggs before serving . garnish with cucumber slices and serve with an ice cube or two in each soup plate. serves 6 . 
codfish is a major item in the portuguese diet . it is served so often that some tourists in portugal jokingly insist that lunch consists of codfish and potatoes , and that dinner consists of potatoes and codfish . 
garnish with grated coconut or shredded toasted almonds . serves 4 . 
above us through the window in the roof , the neighbor children peeked through and giggled as they watched the strangers who had come to their village . then our meal was served , and it was obvious there had been great preparation for us . 
would everyone be willing to get up for 6 a.m. mass on sunday so jack could accept a nine-o'clock golf invitation ? jack 's sons helped clear the table , and his wife served coffee and dessert . 
pound cake was a favorite throughout the south . it was served at both mount vernon and williamsburg . 
bake in a dg325 oven for 35 minutes. serve with melted butter . 
`` i am , `` she tells her mother , taking a huge bite . the food is served from aluminum trolleys wheeled down the aisles by members in rubber aprons who have been assigned a three-month hitch working in the kitchen . 
with a sharp knife , remove the bone and carve the steak diagonally in long strips. serve with bearnaise sauce , sauce diable , wine merchant 's sauce ( see sauces ) , mustard or horseradish. if you insist on serving catsup , heat it first . 
she invited me to see the house where she , her husband and her daughter now lived . while she served me cherries in the parlor , she told me of her son who attended an american university . 
size does not affect the taste , but it 's wise to buy those that are uniform in thickness so that they will all cook in the same amount of time . besides being delicious in vichyssoise and other soups and stews , leeks are a delicate and tasty vegetable , served hot or cold . 
heat and blend , add 1/2 cup of orange sections ( peeled ) and heat them through. pour this rich sauce over the duck and serve with a barley and mushroom casserole and an endive salad mixed with tiny , whole beets . 
sprinkle with cinnamon , a few gratings of nutmeg or chopped parsley . serves 4 . 
hopelessly out of it was the person who somehow did not manage to squeeze that sentence into his conversation . the same year , 1923 , a survey showed that more than 5,000 `` speakeasies `` hideaways where illegal liquor was served existed in new york city . 
roast as you do fresh ham ( page 309 ) but allow 45 minutes to the pound. serve with the same accompaniments . 
but the '60s comparison was apt , if not in the quantity of the mobe , at least in the names and faces of its upper crust. on the capitol steps , roped off from their congregation into a vip area where they were served complimentary apple juice and trail mix , daniel ellsberg hugged william sloane coffin , abbie hoffman pecked allen ginsberg on the cheek , and dr. spock threw back his hoary head when jesse jackson told a joke . 
however , contemporary authorities suspect that greater attention was given to the christmas feast . among foods known to have been served were game pies , oysters , and wild duck . 
to poach eggs hard , cook them for 4-1/2 minutes . these are often served cold in aspic , or as garnish for salad platters . 
arrange the sauerkraut on a large platter and top with slices of the meat. serve with boiled potatoes steamed dry , hot apple sauce , plenty of crisp bread and cold beer . 
add nutmeg and adjust seasonings . sprinkle each serving with coarsely chopped spinach leaves . if desired , serve yoghurt as a topping. serves 4 to 6 . 
cook for 5 to 10 minutes more . serves 6 . 
otherwise it will be tough. serve the hot slices of steak on hot toasted and buttered french bread . 
we 're going to ride horses and everything . `` the coffee shop served a cookie sealed in cellophane with its milk shakes , and i broke the wrapping and took out my cookie . 
this is best prepared in advance and reheated . serves 6 to 8 . the following recipe for goose stuffed with fruit and served with rice is probably a result of german and southern cookery meeting . 
chill soup. top with whipped cream and serve with rusks . 
it had been a blow to him to find oriana betrothed , and to such a specimen ; it was increasingly uncomfortable to be in major venable 's company , and to endure his gloomy stare . we were served an excellent dinner , which i heartily enjoyed , but the conversation at table had an adverse effect on hotchkiss 's appetite . 
forty-eight patients were admitted to the hospital , as many were discharged . about 2,000 meals were prepared and served to the patients and employees . 
heat through , but do not let boil. taste for seasoning and serve hot. serves 6 . 
if it seems a little dull , perhaps it needs a dash of lemon juice or a bit of grated onion. serve salad chilled but not icy cold . 
you can even get good food now if you 're willing to pay for it . `` in his eagerness to interject himself , simon leaned so far across lady rudd that michael was temporarily blocked from serving him the soup . 
float apple slices on top . serves 6 . 
a continual struggle . `` she serves the inevitable cup of coffee and some crumbling pieces of home-made fudge that edith cohen has sent over in a cake tin . `` 
as soon as a batch of fritters is done , put them in a dg200 oven until all the corn mixture is used up and the last batch of fritters is cooked . these fritters may be served with or without maple syrup . 
sam talked to this man with great interest . dr. curry should have made great changes in the cooking and serving of food here at sinai . 
drop by spoonfuls on top of the soup and sprinkle with cinnamon sugar or grated lemon rind . serves 4 to 6 . 
`` cousin torquil ! `` `` dinner is served , my lady , `` announced pennymore . 
chill until set. break up with a fork and serve in soup cups . 
add madeira wine . serves 4 to 6 . 
scrub the potatoes and cook in boiling , salted water until done ( about 10 -- 15 minutes , depending upon their size ) . serve in their jackets ( which make delicious eating ) with melted butter poured over them . 
he invited all the bank officials of the state to be his guests at a banquet in the new mansion . a sumptuous dinner was served . 
the mushrooms should be done in 6 to 10 minutes. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve on buttered toast . 
despite china 's diligent efforts to remove all status symbols , hoose noticed that `` the grade of the mao suit improves as you go up the ladder . `` senior officials served the finest tea , naturally scented dragon well . 
cook for 1 minute only. cool and serve over vanilla ice cream , or serve with a rich custard sauce . 
`` i shall take it , then , and you can give him my carriage and horses. do n't serve the dinner till seven o'clock . '' 
a reward of l100 was offered to any person giving evidence of a conspiracy . a fifteen-year-old wench who served grog to sailors in a tough waterfront saloon was one of the witnesses . 
add the saffron , clams , shrimp and lobster and simmer for about 15 minutes. add the mussels and serve . 
with parsley : melt butter and add plenty of chopped parsley. pour this over the chicken halves as you serve them . 
pour into a mold or into 1-pound coffee tins , cover tightly and steam according to directions for steamed lemon pudding , page 111. serve with hard sauce , brandy sauce or brown sugar sauce , pages 111-111 , v4 . 
to eat , pick the berries up by their stems , dip in the sugar and nibble . fresh strawberries lightly sugared and served with plenty of heavy cream are delicious . 
cover with sauce mornay ( page 111 , v4 ) , sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese and run under the broiler to brown . how often have you been served fried eggs swimming in lukewarm grease and staring up at you with glazed orange eyes ? 
last summer , for example , culinova , the upscale brand for gourmets , unveiled monterrey garden ravioli -- a vegetarian ravioli accompanied by a green pepper stuffed with black chili. despite the success of a similar dish served by some in restaurants , the general foods version bombed . 
liquid is added , the pan is covered and the rolls are cooked until tender over low heat or in the oven . veal birds are usually served with rice or noodles . 
saute in hot butter until brown on both sides. serve with sauce soubise ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
`` the moscovite kentuckian it will be. and such lovely borsch we will serve , with sweet corn and ketchup . '' 
this is an excellent starting point for an evening on the square . all the usual german-type dishes , well prepared and tastefully served . 
peeled : if you like the skins removed , peel the potatoes after they are drained , season with salt and pepper and put back on the stove to dry and fluff. pour melted butter over them and serve . 
a true french omelet is never flat or firm , but always soft. serve plain or with any of the sauces suggested for plain omelet . 
pineapples come in various sizes. tiny ones from cuba will serve 2 or 3 persons. average size pineapples of 2 pounds will serve 4 to 6 persons , and the huge variety will easily serve 8 . 
for a conventional informal dinner party , the aperitif period is adequately covered by a medium-dry or dry sherry , with the alternative for non-sherry-drinkers of gin and vermouth , or orange juice . dry sherry , like other aperitifs , is often served chilled . 
season with salt and pepper , and reheat . stir in the cream just before serving . serves 6 to 8 . 
around 1800 we checked in the office for any word of the allied invasion . since nothing was new , we decided to have an elegant dinner in town instead of the thinly sliced sandwiches served in the compound . 
onion : the onion is perhaps the most versatile member of the culinary armamentarium . not only can it be served in an infinite variety of ways , but it is one of the most widely used flavorings in every course except dessert . 
set aside to cool for several hours or overnight . two hours before serving , add the olive oil , lemon juice , parsley and onion . 
sprinkle with chopped fresh coriander , parsley or chives . serves 4 to 6 . 
sprinkle with chopped fresh mint . serves 6 . 
usually it is baskets of slightly sweet buns and mugs of coffee brought in on trays . the entire congregation must be served in the time space of three hymns , no easy task . 
mix . just before serving combine the contents of both bowls , toss lightly , season with salt , freshly ground pepper , and accent . add french dressing and serve . 
garnish with chopped parsley or chives , or buttered croutons . serves 4 to 6 . 
in all , bake 45 minutes. remove from the oven and serve piping hot . 
more women to whom the human , or at any rate masculine , form is repugnant enter and with averted eyes set down pans of water , with a clatter serving the simultaneous function of awakening you from a much-needed sleep . the soap floating in the pan completes its resemblance to the dumpling soup served for dinner the night before . 
flavor with lemon juice. cool sauce and serve with cake. it is especially pretty served from a glass dish with a silver ladle . 
do not boil after the egg yolks have been added. serve hot or cold , garnished with mounds of stiffly beaten egg whites or whipped cream . 
this should take about 15 to 20 minutes. with chicken broth : use chicken broth for the water or stock , and serve the rice with a chicken dinner . 
`` kutya should not be thick , `` say the ukrainians , for whom the dish is mainly ritualistic. `` kutya should be moist , but the liquid should not seep to the bottom , `` admonish polish-americans who serve it as a dessert . 
it is conducted with no small comfort and splendour . when there are balls , though there may be four hundred people at supper , there is a servant in scarlet and lace to attend upon every four , and every one is served on silver . 
chill. serve with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl and sprinkle with dill . 
garnish each serving with tiny rose geranium leaves . serves 6 . 
when the soup is done , skim off the fat . serves 6 to 8 . traditionally , pot-au-feu is served as follows : first , a bowl of broth . the meat and vegetables are arranged on a platter with boiled potatoes and served as the main course , accompanied by a selection of good mustards , pickles and relishes and good , crusty french bread . 
this is an excellent choice for a large sunday brunch. it simplifies the cooking and a 3-pound piece of baked canadian bacon will serve as many as 10 persons easily if you also serve eggs . 
bake at dg375 dg400 from 30 to 40 minutes. yield : one small loaf that will serve six continent people and barely four hungry ones. you can serve this wholesome treat as a meal in itself , still warm with sweet butter and a glass of milk . 
moreover , mr. cantalupo has a slightly military manner. he is a proponent of opening restaurants to serve breakfast virtually at the crack of dawn . 
do not overcook chicken or it will be dry and tasteless. season to taste on the skin side and serve with shoestring potatoes , peas and onions mixed , and hot french bread . 
avoid those that are the least bit soft. one quart of gooseberries will serve 4 persons amply , and sometimes 5 or 6 . 
let us say party time is three o'clock in the afternoon. we will serve : whip the cream until stiff . 
the farm kitchen is a beehive of activity , a center where marvelous food is cooked and baked , canned and frozen . the last time i visited mae she served roast pheasant . 
in the three-month period ending september 17 , 1966 , 33 such incidents occurred , and telephone employes were becoming reluctant to work on the west side. at the meeting , one executive suggested that illinois bell hold an open house on the west side , serve refreshments and explain the hardship on both the company and the residents caused by this vandalism . 
on the bottom half of each toasted , buttered bun place a slice of raw onion , brush with a dab of mayonnaise , add the cooked hamburger and top with a slice of thin ripe tomato , hamburger relish , sliced dill pickle and the top half of the buttered bun . serve with additional relish , mustard and chili sauce , if you wish , but heat your chili sauce before serving , because cold sauce is not inviting with hot food . 
i 'd have come down , mary . since when am i served breakfast in bed unless i 'm sick ? `` 
hamilton had ordered the meal earlier in the day , which was the point which had caused his friend to consent to venture out . it was served promptly . 
pour the syrup over the pears and bake in a dg350 oven , basting frequently with the syrup , for 20 to 30 minutes , or until the fruit is tender but not mushy. serve plain , hot or cold. or serve with cream . 
when done , fat should be well cooked out , and skin crisp and brown ( and delicious ) . serves 4 . 
the chief baker in hong kong , incited `` by the authorities , `` my father later told us , put arsenic in the dough , aiming to poison certain english troops . grandpa , all unknowing , served the bread at his breakfast . 
garnish with chopped parsley or chives . serves 6 to 8 . 
you must have some sort of arrangement for keeping the hot foods hot a hot tray , chafing dishes , candle warmers whatever 's available . the various kinds of fish which are eaten at the start are quite correctly served in their open tins . 
at each place was a napkin , shaped like a christmas tree , and a place card with either a clothespin santa or an angel snapped onto the top ( page 172 ) . when the guests had finished the main course , mrs. dunn said , `` the cake we are serving is gateau des rois . `` 
he had treated her ill , and had left her nothing but her eyes to cry with , her house to live in and the privilege of refusing her sympathy to all other unfortunate people , because , as she used to say , she had suffered everything that it was possible to suffer. ( 1 at the hopital des capucins. ) ( 2 a work by fenelon , describing telemachus ' search for his father ulysses. ) ( 3 georges cadoudal ( 1771-1804 ) was a soldier and intriguer ; charles pichegru ( 1761-1804 ) was a general. ) as sylvie , the stout cook , heard her mistress ' step , she made haste to serve the breakfast of the regular boarders . 
that will do me good , too . `` `` are you very busy ? `` asked gil delgado when the drink was served . 
cool in the sauce and then drain and chill. serve as an hors d'oeuvre . 
strain and taste for seasoning. stir in the sherry and serve piping hot . 
always arrange food and accessories so that they are most convenient for your guests . have the hot plates where people will start serving themselves . 
there was the waking too early ; the first cigarette , lying in bed ; the shabby clamor of his body dragging him back to schooldays and a handkerchief stuffed guiltily out of sight in his tartan case ; mother 's rap on the door and entrance with a cup of tea , her hair in a net , her lips dry on a forehead surely even she would feel still sweated ; the tea going down , soothing , smoothing out , till it hit the bowel ; and rising , he began the day . and breakfast , brightly served and deliciously cooked , pleasurable beyond belief after the bayswater gas-ring , sliced loaf and nescafe . 
turn the heat up at the last to brown and crisp the outside. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with grilled or fried onions and garlic bread . 
place in oven and bake until syrup is absorbed by bread , about 30 minutes. serve warm. serves 6 . 
`` do ? why , you put out your hand , say `` how do you fare ? `` and then serve her something tea , i suppose , though they say she drinks like a fish . '' 
though once a popular fare in seafood restaurants throughout california , abalone is so expensive that it has disappeared from most menus. `` i 'd be happy to serve it , but the price is way too high , and i ca n't count on supplies , '' says scott bridges , the general manager of dante 's sea catch , a popular seafood restaurant in san francisco . 
self-service from a buffet is the best answer to many people and limited space. the food can be attractively arranged so that the guests can serve themselves from one or two sides of the table or buffet , then seat themselves informally both inside and outside the house if weather permits . 
correct seasoning. serve hot or cold. serves 8 . 
i prefer this dish unthickened , but if you like a thicker sauce , add small balls of butter and flour kneaded together and stir these in until the juice is thick and smooth. serve oxtail ragout with boiled or baked potatoes ; tiny white onions browned in butter and cooked until just tender ; and hot garlic french bread . 
pour the sauce over the meat. suggested accompaniments : arrange boiled potatoes and onions around the meat on the platter and serve with buttered spinach and dill pickles . 
each chapter in this book suggests one way that you can give a party or help a younger child give one. there are games you can play ; refreshments you may want to serve ; and invitations , decorations , and favors you can make . 
heat gently ; do not let boil . serves 4 to 6 . 
stir constantly until thickened. add vanilla and serve . 
second : the next step will be a lovely all-day process , just right for a rainy or snowy day saturday , for instance , when there is no school and you have plenty of time to yourself . the puritan housewife always cooked her beans all day saturday , served them for dinner on saturday night , and again as leftovers warmed over the following sunday noon . 
fish and fowl plenty. oysters i think would serve all england . 
several hams will be auctioned off , the proceeds of which will be deposited in the highest bidders ' share accounts . dinner will be served at 5:30 p.m. the price of the dinner will be $ 2^50 , of which $ ^50 will be paid for by the credit union . 
no one knows it is there until a beachcomber , searching for glass balls and odd bits of driftwood , sees the dark thing in the surf at four in the morning . he rubs his eyes , then runs to a seaside cafe that serves early breakfast to the perch fishermen . 
he savors good italian food and likes the fruity white wines from the rhineland-palatinate , his home region. `` schmidt only served coca-cola , '' one social democratic official remembers glumly . 
drain and chill. serve as an appetizer or salad course . 
these will cook faster in about 15 minutes , but they are less like pudding and more like popovers. suggested accompaniments : with your beef roast , browned potatoes and yorkshire pudding you might serve rosemary butter . 
for , instead of serving the interminable chips ' n ' dips , dough-encrusted sausages and spread-topped toast rounds , nuts and pretzels , to be followed by meat and potatoes , she introduces a note of elegant surprise with a crystal-clear amber consomme , a delicate cream of almond soup , or perhaps an inspired concoction of artichokes and white wine . graciously served at the table in lovely china cups , the effect upon the family and guests saturated with the ordinary , can be startling . 
since he could n't be too articulate around mother , he appointed me as his intermediary . `` hell , i ai n't going to be cooped up like a beejeezeley , sweet-smelling , bobbed-haired housewife , pushing a work table around like i was serving tea , `` he exploded . 
it may have enough youthful charm to be pleasant and enough character to be recognizable , but it never fully develops quality and dies young and unfulfilled . these wines suit modern conditions when restricted storage space prevents wines being laid down and lack of time deprives them of proper care in decanting and serving . 
sear the meat quickly on both sides over a high heat and reduce the heat and cook , turning the meat once more until the hamburgers have achieved your desired state of doneness. serve as for broiled hamburgers , above . 
`` just like eating out of a can , `` remarked mr. baker . while the guests were serving themselves , larry and his mother put chili sauce , catsup , carrot strips , and bottles of relish on each table . when everyone was seated , mr. and mrs. baker served milk . 
most often , they were candied in a buttery sugar syrup ( after boiling ) . but they were also used in puddings and souffles , and plain baked sweet potatoes were served with great globs of country butter . 
bring to a boil. serve with croutons fried in butter until crisp . 
put a lid on the casserole and bake in a dg350 oven for 1-1/2 hours or until the meat is tender. serve with hot biscuits or hot bread and a good green salad . 
or use a salamander a special french utensil which is heated red hot and then held over the sugar to glaze it . cool before serving . 
with thyme : baste with consomme flavored with thyme. with mushrooms : serve with broiled mushrooms , broiled bacon and crisp potatoes . 
bake in a dg350 oven for 1 hour. serve hot with heavy cream or ice cream . 
garnish with thin slices of lemon and sprinkle with snipped dill . serves 6 to 8 . 
season with sherry , salt and pepper . serves 4 . 
season with salt and pepper and return chicken to soup. serve with matzo balls , if desired. serves 6 . 
bake in a dg400 f. oven until thoroughly heated about 5 minutes. serve from the casserole. serves 6 . 
it was indefensible , he said , to celebrate the lord 's supper at the sabbath morning service. the proper time to serve supper was in the evening . 
this should take only about 8 to 10 minutes. cut in wedges and serve from the skillet. this omelet benefits by being served with a sauce . 
he sniffled and wept , but wolf larsen was pitiless. `` and see that you serve no more slops , `` was his parting injunction . 
derrick jumped up to get a cup for the fisherman , but emil hedla was ahead of him. sinking back , derrick watched his rival bring a filled cup and serve it to clements , who rewarded him with a comradely smile . 
chill thoroughly in a bowl in the refrigerator . serves 8 . 
taste for seasoning and pour the sauce over the scallops. serve with gnocchi ( see page 111 , v2 ) . this cut may be roasted , but you will find it much tastier if you braise it and serve it with a rich sauce . 
benedictine monks have brewed beer at the monastery since it was built in 1455 atop the holy mountain , named for the religious relics discovered in a ruined castle. they served it to pilgrims . 
`` dr. mcdonald was up with the sun. he took over a mess table and set up his paraphernalia. ben followed my orders and told the cooks not to serve breakfast to any man until he had been vaccinated , and they obeyed . 
chill. when ready to serve , beat the reserved egg whites . 
warm the soup bowls in a dg150 oven for 3 or 4 minutes . add to soup 1/8 teaspoon pepper , 1 tablespoon chopped parsley , and just before serving add the 2 chopped hard-boiled eggs . 
this will take about 1/2 to 3/4 hour. serve with grated parmesan cheese and crisp buttered toast . 
do not baste. serve the rump roast with the accompaniments suggested for rib roast . 
strain the juices from the pan through a very fine sieve and taste for seasoning. serve the sliced meat with the cold sauce and with tiny gherkins . 
strain the soup over all . serves 6 . 
the girl put her head inside the blanket across the cave mouth. `` enter now and serve the supper . '' 
although it was farther north than kabul , the weather that morning in mazar was balmy . breakfast was served in the hotel 's huge dining room , which looked to be the size of a ballroom and , compared to our sleeping quarters , it was opulent . 
he greets diners in the front hall so `` there 's no doubt who 's going to be cooking. '' he emerges into the coffee salon to receive compliments only after all meals are served . 
season with salt and pepper . serves 8 . 
strain the hot broth into the tureen. if desired , serve with croutons. serves 4 to 6 . 
for his lunch-time sandwiches the industrial worker rarely uses the traditional margarine and jam ; despite the high price , he may insist on butter , and ham or liver sausage to go with it . scotch or canadian whisky , or a good domestic or french brandy , hardly known about before the advent of television and magazine advertising , are now served when friends drop in , or on special family occasions . 
stir in the butter , parsley and mint . serves 6 . 
turn heat down , cover , and simmer for 2 minutes. serve in soup bowls or deep plates . 
about 15 minutes on each side should just about do it. cut into pie-shaped wedges and serve while hot . 
turn them once or twice during the cooking , season to taste with salt and pepper and baste with the juices in the pan. serve the fresh ham with the potatoes and onions , braised cabbage or sauerkraut , dill pickles and thinly sliced rye bread. apple sauce flavored with horseradish or fried apple rings and horseradish , served separately , go well with this dish . 
cook up for a minute or two and add to the hot rich cream sauce. serve on rice and accompany with chutney and toasted chopped almonds . 
add salt and pepper if necessary. pour the sauce over the pork rolls and serve with buttered noodles , chopped spinach dressed with tarragon butter and ice-cold beer . 
sprinkle lavishly with chopped parsley. with this serve a rice pilaff mixed with raisins and pine nuts . 
steam over hot water , covered , for 3 hours , or until the cornmeal has become a firm loaf. serve cut in slices with plenty of butter , salt , pepper , and if you like , grated parmesan cheese. with sauce : serve with any of the tomato sauces , cheese sauces , or spaghetti sauces suggested in the sauce or pasta chapters . 
kaplan sat strapped to the toilet , fast asleep. `` that 's some coffee you serve , `` said lederer . 
next , remove the little green hulls. choose the ripest , largest berries to use as decoration on the top of the shortcake when it is ready to serve . 
it is flattened out and rolled with a bacon or pork strip . ( the butcher does this job ; you do n't . ) it is best when sauteed quickly in butter ( page 111 ) and served on crisp toast . 
sprinkle with nutmeg . serves 6 . 
continue cooking , skimming surface occasionally , until meat is fork-tender. remove meat and continue cooking broth until ready to serve . 
add the spinach about 3 minutes before cooking time is up . serves 6 to 8 . 
in the early 1860 's it had thirty methodist chapels and blossomed a few years later into a town of crowded cafes , german bands , illuminated hotels and a stock exchange where speculators from melbourne made overnight fortunes . red carpets were spread and champagne served underground to visiting notables . 
back in 1984 , tv viewers were amused by a clever new commercial in which a man in a bar hollered `` gim me a light , '' but was served a flaming torch instead of a mug of beer . 
for them , the general secretary keeps open house. he likes to cook for his guests , shirt-sleeves rolled up , and to serve them himself . 
drain thoroughly and chill . this may be served as an appetizer or salad . 
simmer for about 5 minutes. serve with rice , french-fried onion rings , chopped salted peanuts , a good chutney and sliced bananas dressed with olive oil and a little wine vinegar . 
pour in pineapple , lower heat , and simmer , covered , for 20 minutes. serve on hot platter with pineapple poured over. serves 4 -- 6 . 
much of the food value lies just under the skin and is lost if peeled away . after cooking , the skins will slip off easily , if you prefer serving them without their jackets . 
to ensure that hot soup reaches the diner hot , heat the soup plates. serve cold , chilled or jellied soups breathing a happy mist of frost . 
for a bike-hike the stick should be omitted and the bagged lunch made to fit a bicycle basket , or a backpack if the outing will be overnight. tail-gate buffet picnic this is a very popular and practical way to serve lunch just before that big football game , or when traveling . 
its delicate texture and surprisingly nippy taste sent me looking for it in markets to enjoy in green salads and soups . coriander is often put fresh in chinese soups just as they are served to let the heat bring out the sharp flavor . before serving it so , a tactful host is expected to ask novices , `` does everybody like hsiang-ts ' ai ? `` 
the afternoon coffee was not an elaborate event . mama usually served coffee bread and skorpor , which she always had on hand . 
boil leeks ( see above ) , drain and cool. soak in a vinaigrette sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) for an hour or so and serve on a bed of greens as a salad course . 
add to cooked prunes and bring to a boil. chill to serve . 
if well seasoned , it is tasty and refreshing . unfortunately much of the `` cole slaw `` served these days is simply cabbage with oil and vinegar . 
season with salt and pepper . serves 8 . 
allow your imagination some leeway in soup service , according to season , time of day and dining occasion. use your old-fashioned glasses to serve clear , cold soups on the rocks . 
replace the top circle and garnish with sugared whole berries. serve with heavy cream , whipped cream or sour cream . 
`` you wo n't find the chefs. `` charles masson suggests another way out : `` if i were twenty-five , i would take a hole in the wall , about eight tables , with no unions , and serve quality food . 
maybe it was only afternoon in new york , but my mouth began to water for that nicest meal in england , hot , strong tea with buttered scones , bitter marmalade , and biscuits. `` when do they serve tea ? '' 
whenever chew wong sulked , his cooking suffered , and it finally was decided to allow bill the run of the kitchen . chew wong outdid himself then with the meals that he served up , and the kitchen rang with pidgin english and cackling laughter . 
they should be done in 5 to 8 minutes , but test with a fork or toothpick. serve with parsley butter and lemon wedges . 
`` oh good ! `` cried miss rhys-jones , and a very wide smile that showed much of her upper gum spread across her face . with all served , the wine poured , the seconds put around , michael stepped back for a moment by the screen while the individual voices mixed , sounding shrill and laced through with senseless laughter . 
you may need to add a little boiling water to the bottom of the kettle occasionally. unmold the hot pudding and serve with a cognac sauce . 
remove hulls either with your fingers or with the help of a paring knife or , best of all , with a little metal huller which can be found in any housewares store. serve in a pretty glass bowl or one which matches the china you 're using on the tray . 
waddell , during the scuffling , tripped over a suitcase , fell on his shoulder and wrenched himself right out of the approaching world series . waddell used to amuse everybody by his antics donning a barkeep 's apron and serving beer to a full house , diving off ferryboats or chasing fire engines during ball games . 
toys and books were always put back in place . meals were served punctually and all the children were expected to be in their places at the proper time . 
the maid even wore a little frilled cap and an apron. and when aunt marie wanted her to serve the table , she pressed a button under the carpet with her foot and a bell rang in the kitchen . 
cover and simmer for 30 minutes . suggested accompaniments : traditionally sauerbraten is served with dumplings . 
all this scarcely corresponded with the children 's idea of what a family meal should be like . jean-claude and jean-paul would sigh : `` what we 'd really like would be a steaming tureen on the table and mamma serving out the soup . `` 
`` let us dine . `` refreshments were served buffet style . 
we learn aversions ; but if we try we can also learn to overcome them , though it is sometimes a slow process . i still remember my first exposure to high game venison served me by an epicure whom i greatly admired ; i did n't have the courage to refuse the stuff and show my provincial background . 
add chicken , pimientos and mushrooms and keep warm over hot water. serve in patty shells. serves four . 
the fish is done when it flakes easily. serve the fillets right from the broiler pan or slip the whole foil lining , with the fish on top , onto a platter. serve with additional melted butter to which you have added chopped parsley , and lemon wedges . 
the liver should be nicely browned on the outside and pink inside. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with bearnaise sauce , french-fried onions , sauteed potatoes and a good tossed salad with plenty of olive oil and wine vinegar dressing . 
when eating out , good , quick meals can be obtained from the spacious and elegant self-service cafeterias , found everywhere , among other places in department stores ( epa , ringbaren , etc. ) they serve wine and beer , but not spirits. grill-bars also serve lavish portions , and , as they are run by italians and spaniards , service is brisk. not so in a real swedish restaurant , where it can take an astonishingly long time to get served , and even longer to get the bill afterwards . 
bake at dg350 f. 25 to 35 minutes . this bread keeps very well , and is delicious when warm , though ordinarily limpa is sliced very thin and served cold . 
reserve a few of the glazed prunes for garnish and add the rest to the meat pot a few minutes before the veal is done. arrange the meat on a hot platter , decorate with the glazed prunes and serve the unthickened sauce separately . 
a long table had been set up in the gymnasium close to the kitchen , and the refugees ate together . mom had taken olga heintzman and mrs. hedla as her assistants , and when everyone was served they also sat down . 
still , he never faked emotion , you never saw exaggerated facial expressions , hand-waving or chin-trembling . he served you the bird done to perfection but it lacked seasoning and the stuffing was flat . 
bake in a preheated dg350 oven for 1/2 hour. serve hot , cutting into portions like a pie . 
season with salt , pepper and cayenne . add the chopped pickles just before serving . when the chops are browned , arrange them on a platter and serve with the hot devil sauce . 
file powder may be substituted if okra is not available . file should not be added until just before serving , and should never be boiled , as that makes it bitter . 
cut the pie with serving knife and pie server . this tart may be served while still slightly warm or when entirely cool . never put in refrigerator before serving . 
why leftover beef should ever be a problem i can not understand . there is nothing better than cold roast , sliced paper thin and served with mustard , chutney or pickled walnuts ( these can be found in almost any food specialty shop ) . meat to be served cold should be removed from the refrigerator an hour or so before eating to allow it to return to room temperature . 
add potatoes and continue cooking until they are tender . serves 6 to 8 . 
for sauces , see pages 332-337. cook as you do macaroni ( see above ) and serve plain , sprinkled with grated parmesan cheese or in any of the ways suggested for noodles . 
since i am a scotchman , and a `` good eater , `` i pass the praise right at the start . the rest of the meal is always served with a little more personal attention by both waiter and cook and the dishes are filled generously . 
sprinkle with chopped parsley during the last five minutes. serve with baked potatoes and succotash . 
dress with vinaigrette sauce and garnish with chopped chives or little green onions. serve with mayonnaise on the side , if you like . 
blend thoroughly and heat through. serve with rice baked in chicken broth and colored with saffron ( a very tiny pinch is ample ) . 
since this was the only beat he ever worked , he was nowhere . `` let 's go in here , `` i said , leading the way into a greek 's where they served both liquor and ice cream . 
reheat , but do not let boil . serves 2 to 4 . 
inside , above a layer of jam-packed , shouting faces , a bottle of champagne waved to and fro. we squeezed close enough to see that it was brandished by a young man dressed as a french sailor who was trying to serve drinks . 
the next rule is `` young before old `` , for the clear reason that old wines develop an intensity of flavour which is lacking in young wines. this may seem strange at first sight in some cases and i have often heard the argument that it would be better to serve an old claret before a young burgundy . 
when i had a tea , it would always be twenty or thirty . never any less than half a dozen different kinds of cake were ever served in this house . 
they returned to the dun and ate and drank and made their plans . naikeri served them on the mound outside the door and listened but said nothing , not understanding what was being planned . 
the chinese and french , two peoples famed for their cookery , both respect vegetables and give them fine treatment . in the orient , tender asparagus , snow peas or young green beans are cooked gently , just to the done stage , and served up still a little on the bitey side . 
viola puckered her lips , annoyed . the night before benny had talked the bartender at andy 's tavern into serving nine-year-old tommy and me whisky . 
add oysters with their liquor and continue cooking until oyster edges begin to curl. serve with a bowl of hot , fluffy boiled rice to spoon into the gumbo. serves 6 . 
bake 30 to 45 minutes , until brown . serves 8 to 9 . 
reduce heat and simmer , covered , for 4 hours , skimming occasionally and adding a little more boiling water if needed. strain and serve with brown the onion and garlic in hot lard . 
heat bouillon and water to piping. serve with two slices of avocado floating on top of each cup or bowl . 
no , they would dine alone . he need not dress ... dinner was served , intimately , before the fire in the huge living room . 
pour the beaten egg whites into soup just before turning off heat. serve at once. serves 4 . 
until around world war ii , eggnog parties were exceedingly popular in the nation 's capital . typically southern specialties such as biscuits filled with chicken salad or ham and plates of fruitcake and sweet cookies were served with it . 
do not let the water boil , and do not let the cheese mixture get too hot or the egg will curdle. as soon as it is hot through , serve it over well-buttered toast . 
mrs. loevinger says lefse are easier to handle than the recipe sounds , but that it is really a job for two people one to roll out the lefse , and one to flip them on the grill . yield : 15 pancakes danish festsuppe is often served at special gatherings during the holidays . 
his second choice was jack and charlie 's `` 21 . `` there , he noted , a house specialty of boned squab stuffed with wild rice , foie gras , and truffles , and served with a madeira sauce , cost all of $ 2^25 . 
chill until icy cold. serve with an ice cube or two in each bowl . 
wash greens well ahead of time , shake to remove excess moisture , wrap in a clean tea towel , and refrigerate to crisp. when ready to serve , tear the greens in bite-size pieces into a salad bowl . 
anxious to do our bit to commemorate the great day , we queried the village fathers as to what the school 's role had been in the past . it developed that a community dinner had always been cooked at the school and served to the entire populace . 
bake in 450 degree oven 10 -- 15 minutes or until bubbling . serves 8 . 
the old-timers used lard instead of butter . note ii this recipe can also be served as a first course , in which case the 12 prawns or 24 shrimp will serve 6 people easily . 
wrap in clean towel and lay on platter with enough weight on top to press chicken slightly together , but not to squeeze out juice. cool and refrigerate until time to serve . 
in scandinavia the food variations between the rich and the poor are not as different as those in other countries . meals might be served four or five times a day . 
place hard rolls on a cookie sheet and heat in 350 degree oven along with the fish pudding until piping ( 15 -- 20 minutes ) . serve wrapped in a napkin to retain heat . 
they can be roasted whole or split and broiled. serve 1 chicken per person . 
season with salt and pepper. remove pork , slice , and serve separately with a good spicy mustard. serves 6 to 8 . 
garnish with croutons or crisp bacon bits . serves 6 . 
pour the mixture into a souffle dish greased and dusted with sugar and bake in a dg350 oven for 35 to 45 minutes or until brown and puffed. serve with a custard sauce . 
top each with 1/4 of the meringue. chill until ready to serve. serves 4 . 
`` the tall , stoop-shouldered woman is waiting for us outside her room and invites us inside . she graciously serves us coffee and little squares of chocolate . 
some food shops carry their own make. serve pates chilled and turned out on a platter . 
chill . unmold in time for serving . 
dessert fluffy omelet : omit the salt and add 1 tablespoon of sugar to the omelet mixture. when it is cooked sprinkle the top with confectioner 's sugar and serve with melted jam or jelly as a sauce . 
add more liquid if necessary. serve with pan juices . 
cook for a few minutes until the meat is tender , the liquid is reduced a little and the flavorings are well blended. serve with a rice pilaff , fresh string beans with almonds and toasted garlic bread. variation : serve these tarragon scallops cold with a potato salad dressed with olive oil and wine vinegar . 
stir well and reheat for a few seconds. add the parsley and ham and serve very hot. serves 4 . 
bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minutes , or until tender when tested with a fork. serve the squash in the shell with additional butter , salt and pepper . 
add sherry , if desired , and heat well. serve in a sauce boat so that each person may take as much as he likes for his fish pudding . 
if pie crust is added , bake until crust is golden . serves 4 to 6 . 
ale was brought to him there and he drank . there were no women at the banquet , of course , other than those who served the drink , nor was their presence permitted at so important a function . 
these will cook in about half the time. serve chilled with cream or whipped cream . 
on recent days when he has needed money for a textbook , the family has gone without meat. `` i serve zucchini sandwiches , spinach sandwiches , '' says his mother , a cleaning lady raising five children alone . 
`` she waited while catherine finished the sickeningly sweet tea . then she told her what time breakfast was served , and went out . 
they should take about 8 to 10 minutes. serve warm or cold with cream. with custard sauce : serve with custard sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . with ice cream : serve over ice cream. with other fruit : serve in combination with other stewed or poached fruit . 
some of these can be excellent if ripe and sharp . these are rich creamy cheeses best served with fresh fruit at the end of the meal . they must be taken from the refrigerator some time before serving , or they will be hard and tasteless . 
this was always held , year after year , on a friday evening. mackenzie , ever shy and distant , refused to mingle in the festivities , and begged of my foreman to be permitted to serve at the buffet . 
he began with a campaign for bread when no woman in her right mind was baking bread ! no ring of rubies went to my finger until he made it clear in a written communication : serving home baked bread was to be one of the goals of `` the little house . `` 
at times i went down . she carried the mealbowl from table to table , smiling quietly , as if the people she served , her husband 's people , were her own . 
for small molds , boil 2 to 2-1/2 hours ; for large mold , 4 hours. serve hot with or without custard sauce . 
if the occasion is a tea , the tea service should be handled by the hostess or someone invited to take charge of this. the young people can serve the guests , take away the used cups and saucers , and pass tiny sandwiches , cakes or cookies . 
most of these reports are mailed , but physicians must phone in the information immediately if it involves one of 15 particularly worrisome diseases , from measles to yellow fever or cholera. they also must report immediately if it even appears that any disease on the lists might have been contracted in such places as day-care centers , nursing homes or hospitals -- or from food served in an institution or restaurant . 
`` i hope she wo n't be too much trouble . here you have n't even finished serving breakfasts yet . 
when my mother , part of whose education was at convents , came from america to torregreca for a brief visit , the mother superior startled her by taking over the duties of a waitress and offering every dish of a complex luncheon herself . she brushed aside my objections with , `` by serving the mother , i show respect for the child . 
the fruits-of-the-sea , as the french call seafood , were abundant and delicious . the `` habitants , `` giant martinique prawns or shrimp , and the red land crabs were served with rice , and highly seasoned with native herbs and spices . 
i am more than grateful to the officers of the australian news and information bureau of the department of the interior , both in canberra and london , for answering factual queries with such efficiency and dispatch and for supplying photographs , and to the invariably kind and courteous staff of the libraries both at australia house and in canberra , where mrs. dawson gave me so much valuable help. you reach australia when they serve you chops for breakfast in your qantas aircraft , 30,000 feet above the central desert . 
the availability and convenience of canned and frozen food , plus the advertising that would have you believe they 're as healthful as fresh food , too often lead the housewife to take the lazy way out . so she opens a package or can , serves these lifeless unappetizing vegetables to her family and tells her children : `` eat your vegetables ; they 're good for you . `` 
finally , add the second dosage of cognac , flaming , and spoon the sauce over the crepes. serve at once . 
fine , rich egg noodles can be bought ready-made. an 8-ounce package will serve 4 to 6 persons . 
in baking , the cake will rise up out of the pan , but in cooling it will settle back down. chill to serve . 
corn beef and the irish seem to go together. however , if you wish , you can serve any other meat ; for example , pressed canned meat , roast beef , or meat loaf . 
he descended to the deck. `` tell the cook to serve breakfast to the crew as soon as possible , '' he told dobbs . 
few people make a plain sponge cake nowadays . this is a pity , for it is a very versatile cake , excellent served plain with fruit , surprisingly good when a little stale if moistened with rum or liqueur and topped with a rich custard sauce . 
wrap in foil and warm in a dg200 oven about 20 minutes. slice in thick pieces and serve . 
heat through but do not boil again. serve with boiled rice ( page 111 , v1 ) . 
in the silence after the thunder george could not hear the drone of the engines , and he watched until the clouds came apart again and he could see the blur of the propellers before they entered another bank of gray clouds. `` i wish they 'd serve drinks , `` the woman said . 
look out , you 're letting the stew burn . `` he reached around her to turn off the heat , pushed her gently into a chair at the kitchen table , and served the stew . 
add salt and pepper to taste. when ready to serve , arrange the slices of meat on a round platter and heap the turnip-potato mixture in the middle . 
it was trim and natty looking , well enough , but its choker collar shut off air , its tight tunic was hot and stiff , and the tape puttees wound around their legs cut off circulation . they also said uncomplimentary things about the food served them . 
add the butter the last time you stir it. serve with cream . 
cool , then chill. serve cold with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl. serves 6 . 
drain the potatoes and remove the skins. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with butter , allowing plenty for jersey sweets . 
vasso wheeled through her guests like a dervish , urging them to eat , to drink . the priest , served by vasso and by his wife , ate as though he had fasted for forty days . 
there is no trace of hatred in his voice , nor is there any in the voice of the owner , a former army lieutenant. the simple fact is , in the cafe called latin-musique at 96 boulevard saint-germain , they do n't serve blacks anymore . 
his scheme worked perfectly . `` in the philippines we would have a great many things for the christmas feast , `` a friend says , `` but here it is most often a boned stuffed chicken served only with fruit salad . `` filipinos usually serve the stuffed chicken lukewarm , but many will prefer it cold like a pate . 
cover the pan tightly and bake in a dg350 oven for 25 to 30 minutes , or until all the liquid is absorbed. serve with plenty of butter . 
dave ellis moved over to join ted callison , chet , and roy veeder in the other sled . kennart had brought provisions with him : bundles of dried meat , of the sort that had been served at the banquet . it was not that he had any prejudice against the food the new yorkers would serve him ; he simply preferred his own . 
remove the barding bacon from the breast during the last 15 minutes of cooking. serve with wild rice or barley and small white onions steamed in butter . 
sprinkle with sieved hard-cooked egg yolks and chopped parsley . serves 2 to 4 . 
french gourmets use a much shorter tulip- or cone-shaped glass. other advice : do n't serve champagne too cold ; over-chilling kills the flavor ( from 43 to 46 degrees f. is about right ) . do n't serve a very dry , or brut , champagne with sweet things ; they make the wine taste sour . 
add rum , madeira or sherry to taste. serve with a selection of garnishes listed below. serves 4 to 6 . 
kemp also raises about $ 2 million but goes $ 200,000 in debt. biden 's total of over $ 2 million tops democrats ; he rakes in $ 435,000 at a california lunch serving imported caviar . 
garnish each serving with a sprinkling of snipped dill or chives , a thin slice of lemon or a bit of caviar . serves 6 . 
`` it 's the length of a football field , but not quite as wide. we can serve 10,000 meals a day here and for our thanksgiving dinner we have over two and a half tons of turkey . 
the breakfast itself was elegant . mazar is famous for her melons , one of afghanistan 's major exports , and succulent juicy melon balls were served to us on crystal trays . 
pour the batter into a well-buttered casserole and bake at dg375 for 35 to 40 minutes , or until light , puffy and browned on top. serve from the casserole with a spoon , and pass plenty of butter , salt and pepper . 
arrange these around the edge of the platter. garnish with strips of pimiento and ripe olives and serve with vinaigrette sauce . 
`` it 's a type of cabin fever , '' she figures. boozers are particular nuisances , and they are sure to make a scene if flight attendants refuse to serve them . 
we need to provide programs where there is more structure and consistency. '' the men who stay in capt. rondon 's gymnasium are expected to work for their night 's lodging by sweeping the building , helping to serve the next day 's meal or , now during the holiday season , manning the christmas kettles . 
the 149 districts in our area contain about 575,000 school kids . we estimate that they are serving about 150,000 lunches now , which is not enough ; but before we got to work they were giving out no more than 50,000 . 
stir in the sherry ( unless the canned soup has already been flavored with wine ) . serve very hot , garnished with croutons. serves 6 to 8 . 
i told him to forget the prowler and join me in `` sto lat , `` the polish drinking song that says , `` may you live a hundred years. `` with a good-natured laugh he said no , it was too early , and refused to serve me any more or rather diplomatically persuaded me not to ask him for any more . 
cool , then chill. serve very cold in chilled soup cups , each garnished with a thin slice of lemon. serves 6 . 
a period of about two hours is safe for young , robust wines , whilst more delicate wines are safer with a shorter period of about an hour . wines over thirty years old are safest decanted just before being served , or served carefully directly from a decanting basket . 
its sign reads : `` credit cards honored whatever they are . `` leonard lyons in the antique-styled nell gwyn 's taverne in new york the menu says : `` historically authenticated english food is served in hysterically inaccurate english surroundings . `` 
continue beating and cooking over hot water until the sauce is thickened and hot. serve at once . 
excarole and romaine , having firmer leaves , will take a little longer. serve with the crumbled bacon bits sprinkled on top . 
pour into a buttered mold and follow directions for cooking steamed lemon pudding ( see above ) , steaming the chocolate pudding for 2-1/2 hours. serve with a chocolate sauce and whipped cream . 
`` we do n't know how to tell the doctors that many american boys do n't like wine ; they are n't used to having it at home , as the french are , `` reported one of her teams at one hospital . `` every now and then , as a treat , wine is served here . 
being a blueberry maven , the `` hotel giant blueberries : blueberries as big as quarters ! '' sound irresistible , especially given the editorial snicker that `` some growers boast berries as big as nickels but ours will regularly cover a quarter. '' what 's more , `` the giant blueberries served in ritzy hotels and restaurants are puny compared to those you can grow from our specially selected husky plants. '' ( regularly husky ? ) 
i do my best for them. i consider the food we serve as important as the medication . 
juice may be thickened if desired with a little flour mixed with water . serves 6 . 
mcgraw tried to shorten his social radius by sending his pay checks to mrs. raymond. he forbade the bartenders in the training town of marlin to serve him a drink ever . 
the beggar sat on the stoop all day and no one bothered to hide him in the garage . chicken and french fries were served to all , but no one had any appetite ; somehow they did n't taste as good as they used to when hajji malek dispensed such tidbits from the platter to his favorites . 
small white onions may be peeled and added to the roasting pan at the same time. serve roast pork with apple sauce or glazed apple rings . 
cook until just tender ( 5 -- 7 minutes ) and drain. put butter into pan , return drained peas to it and when ready to serve turn on moderate heat under the pan until peas and butter sizzle a little ( about 1 minute ) . serves 4 -- 6 . 
the hors d'oeuvres were raw white fish in a sauce ( very good ) and caviar on thin slices of cold cooked rice ; the soup was rich with mushrooms , served with a slice of lemon on a jade-colored dish. `` if we serve a thin soup , the bottom of the bowl is decorated so you can see as well as taste beauty , `` the doctor explained . 
dues sixty cents now are a dollar a year . lunch of coffee and goodies served by three hostesses for a cost of ten cents now lunch served by five hostesses at a cost of fifteen cents ( still reasonable ) . 
cook for another 20 minutes or until everything is tender . sprinkle with fresh parsley before serving . 
beat the eggs together with the port . stir the mixture briskly into the hot soup just before serving . 
simmer for another hour. strain and serve with bits of ham from the bone . 
it showed in various little ways . like the difference in the meals his mother had been serving lately ; the sudden attention given to bills ; the looks on both of his parents ' faces when money was brought into the conversation . 
place in a large freezer tray and freeze for 4 to 5 hours , stirring occasionally. cut into squares and serve on bib-lettuce leaves ; garnish with a rose-petal-cut cherry and a few nuts . 
and of course a big stove with an elbow pipe . the dinner was n't served yet . 
or use chopped dates , currants , or apricots. decorate the cookies with frosting or anything else that suits your fancy or is appropriate to the occasion upon which you wish to serve them . 
figure about 3 cups of sauce for a 4- to 5-pound center cut. serve the sauce separately or pour it over the fish and garnish with sliced hard-cooked eggs , capers and chopped parsley. with dill sauce : make a dill sauce to serve with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . with caper sauce : make a caper sauce to serve with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . mornay : make a mornay sauce to serve with the fish ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 
stir in the bread crumbs , chili pulp and seeds , chili powder , oregano , coriander and vinegar . cook and stir for a few minutes , then add to the soup a minute or two before serving . serves 6 . 
but a boy who was sitting in the room on a folding chair when the car drove in believes the man was merely drunk . the fifth estate serves coffee , hot chocolate , cokes , and sandwiches , but its customers do not normally eat or drink much . 
bake on a hot , buttered griddle or in a skillet , turning once. serve with melted butter , maple syrup or honey and a touch of lemon juice . 
he arrived there in 1977 , with president carter. he tells of his admiration for mr. carter 's mother , the venerable miss lillian , who came to the abc news trailer under the water tank at plains , georgia , to have sam serve up a shot glass of jack daniel 's straight . 
plan together what games to play and decide who will introduce the games and referee them. agree on what food to serve and how to serve it . 
garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped chives , if desired . serves 4 to 6 . 
add sherry . serves 3 to 4 . 
`` all right , than . `` kent was making it clear that she was there on sufferance only because he could not very well , at that hour , expect two separate meals to be served . 
for their part , some indigenous valley residents complain that their native soil has already become a veritable colony of the midwest. a latino businessman saw something symbolic about recently spending 20 minutes in a cafeteria line behind a group of winter texans , only to find that the mexican entree was sold out by the time he was served . 
stir into the soup and chill until very cold . add the apples just before serving . serves 4 to 6 . 
spain has some very good trains , such as the taf , which is streamlined , comfortable , and fast . on a taf train , trays are brought to your seat at mealtime , and the food is usually as good or better than that served on american trains . 
keep it clean. when it is time to serve dessert , insert the flower in the center of a paper cup of ice cream. be sure to serve the dessert on a plate so that the guest may take this flower out of the pot and set it on the plate before he eats it . 
danubian towns give way to transylvanian forests as he picks up unusual friends and strange bits of information ( huns wore skins of field mice sewn together ) . cosmopolitan countesses serve elaborate dinners in places with unpronounceable names ; gypsies pan for gold as he rolls them cigarettes . 
if you like some canned soups just as they come , see that there 's a good assortment available . one can , diluted as directed , serves two or three . 
midnight snack . in one family , where the christmas food is always lavish and rich , it has become a tradition to end christmas day with a special snack of jello served in a cut-glass bowl . 
fold in half and fill with currant jelly. serve immediately on a heated plate. serve with tiny broiled sandwiches . 
chill in the refrigerator. when ready to serve , run the blunt tip of a flat knife between the cup and the flan . 
the captains of blockade-running ships were paid in gold for smuggling such luxuries as perfumes , jewelry , brandies and food delicacies . it was well known by everyone in richmond that certain private clubs had dining rooms which served the rarest foods at a time when children suffered hunger pangs . 
she always looked as if she had just stepped out of a shower into a cool becoming dress , had just brushed her smooth shoulder-length ash blonde hair , and no hazards of the day would rumple those clothes or muss that head. she never raised her voice and her servants did not disappear on religious pilgrimages in the middle of lunch , nor serve ice cream with tomato sauce . 
drain . put back into saucepan with a good hunk of butter and sizzle a little before serving , shaking the pan frequently . 
in a double boiler heat the jam , well mixed with the water. when ready to serve , pour it over vanilla ice cream in individual dishes. serves 10 . 
place in a preheated dg325 oven for 40 minutes. serve piping hot . 
turn the celery often to be sure it is evenly bathed. serve on romaine with a garnish of chopped green onions or chives . 
just above where the plate will be , print the name in big , bold letters . or , the name can be printed vertically a good idea when the food will be served after everyone is seated . 
garnish with hard-cooked-egg slices and chopped parsley , and top with a spoonful of sour cream , if desired. slice the meat and serve separately. serves 6 . 
rapid should be within hailing distance in less than an hour. `` tell the cook to serve breakfast to the hands as soon as possible , '' merewether told larkin . 
she felt that this might be done most appropriately after the evening meal , so at dinner time , refreshed from the promised dip in the pool and the discovery that it was quite easy to stay afloat , she came downstairs bearing an armful of beautifully wrapped packages . she put them on a chair in the entrance hall until after coffee was served , then presented them ceremoniously . 
you take a little slug before eating , then a little after ! for this ceremony , slivovitz is served in a tiny bottle with a little glass . kolacky is served in bohemian-american homes for any festive occasion , and always for christmas . it is a very sweet bread , which many americans would prefer with coffee or as dessert ; but in czech homes it is usually served throughout the christmas meal . 
garnish each portion with a sprinkling of paprika . serves 6 . 
remove with two pot holders. serve immediately in baking dish . 
surround with thin slices of toast or very firm bread. serve as suggested for sardines , page 11 , but garnish with chopped hard-cooked egg and black garlic olives instead of lemon wedges . 
`` resident of birmingham , alabama remnants of many kinds of christmas can be found today in the southern states french , spanish , english , greek , german , moravian , italian , especially and on new year 's day a tradition that the slaves must have brought is universal . from the district of columbia to texas , black-eyed peas are cooked with hog jowl or ham and served in southern homes for `` money in the pot `` or good luck . 
in dallas , 1,600 people applied for 110 spots in a two-month training program that would enable those chosen to teach without going back to school. one of them , former american airlines flight attendant kendall haggerty , says : `` there 's a limit to how much good you 're doing serving tea and coke . 
add a sprinkling of brown sugar after you turn the pineapple. serve plain or flavored with a little rum . 
sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley . serves 8 to 10 . 
garnish with chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
if you let cooked vegetables stand in the hot water they lose their color and go limp. serve at once , while still steaming . 
finish according to instructions on the package. make a plain pilaff ( see page 111 ) and serve it with plenty of grated parmesan cheese . 
give everyone specific responsibilities . `` please keep the younger children out of the kitchen until dinner is served . `` 
he liked to keep a tight schedule , and she went along as best she could . she served dinner each evening at a certain hour except once . 
a few years back an overseas press club parody of playboy magazine offered the following response to a mythical foreign correspondent 's query about what beverage to serve with wildebeest : `` any good brown wine will do . '' 
remove from heat and stir in file. remove turkey carcass , add salt and serve piping hot. serves 6 to 8 . 
the favorite foreign food of most americans is italian , so you must certainly round out your ability to present a foreign dinner party for family or friends with typical food of that country. it 's easy to make and to serve and delicious . 
salt and pepper to taste and add 2 tablespoons of chopped parsley just before the veal is done. serve with sauteed potatoes and tiny french peas cooked with onions and lettuce . 
add escarole , onion , potato , celery , carrot and wine , and continue cooking for 30 minutes. serve with grated cheese to sprinkle on top. serves 6 to 8 . 
many of the groups of wine suggested in this chapter in the section `` everyday wines `` ( p111 , v1 ) are suitable for the less elaborate dinner party . most of them can be served all through a meal . it is in fact easier to list those wines which can not be served through a meal than the reverse . the only wines served with food are the so-called table wines not the fortified wines . 
bring just to boiling over low heat . serves 6 to 8 . 
several hand-lettered signs along the road advertising `` puppies for sale . `` i found myself wishing that mrs. williams had served carrots for dinner . 
just be sure that you put hot water into the pot to warm it before you fill it and that the coffee is hot. the same goes for the pot in which you serve the hot milk , which should be heated but not boiled . 
in september 1875 , mort believed the problem had been solved . at a luncheon for three hundred guests , he served meat that had been kept frozen for fifteen months . 
down the right-hand side of the court were the royal kitchens , and to the left the hall of the divan where the sultan 's ministers met and where ambassadors were received by the grand vizier . they were generally served a lavish dinner before being conducted through the gate of felicity at the far end of the court and into the throne room beyond . 
every person should feel at home and more than welcome ; everyone should be greeted with a hug and a warm handshake. if the household can radiate warmth and good fellowship as well as serve a perfect dinner , the day will glow in memory down the years . 
remove to a hot platter and season to taste. serve with any of the sauces suggested above for sirloin or porterhouse . 
empanaditas are spanish fried pies that have adopted american mincemeat for filling . traditionally , they are served between meals with wine . 
ambrosia was an integral part of christmas everywhere in the south , creole or otherwise . ordinarily , it was served as a dessert after the heavy christmas meals , but in our family it has been the chief component of christmas breakfast as long as anyone can remember . 
suggested accompaniments : very crisp home-fried potatoes and fresh asparagus with melted butter . one tenderloin steak serves one person . 
back in tokyo , executives are talking about buying american brokerage houses and hiring more specialists in fields ranging from bond trading to arbitrage to fed watching. `` we do n't want to be a japanese restaurant in new york serving only sushi and sukiyaki , '' says yoshio terasawa , nomura 's executive vice president in charge of international business. `` we want to serve french cuisine , american fast food , everything , in the future . '' 
add the grated switzerland cheese and pour the soup into a large casserole , or into individual casseroles , and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minutes. top with the toasted bread slices , sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese and serve . 
turn out upside down on cake plate or rack. serve warm or cold . 
each of the periods of impotence occurred when he was cooking for himself , eating irregularly and without regard for variety or nutritional balance . the first episode had cleared up when he moved into a college dormitory which served three meals a day ( although he had n't realized the connection at the time ) . 
a ripe , juicy plum is soft , but not mushy. one pound will serve about 4 persons . 
prepare according to the recipe for roast leg of lamb ( page 284 ) and be sure you cook it only to the rare stage. serve with mashed buttered turnips and roast potatoes . 
sprinkle with the salt and sugar , and pour over them the white vinegar diluted with a little water. mix and serve , sprinkled with chopped parsley . 
mrs. malone was remembering that she really liked tony ; it was just that for the first few minutes he was always a shock . mrs. malone told vashti she could start serving breakfast as soon as it was ready , then they all sat around the table . 
or arrange sauteed eggplant slices in a shallow , flame-proof dish , sprinkle with grated parmesan cheese and run under the broiler to brown. with barbecue sauce : serve sauteed eggplant slices with a spicy barbecue sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . with tomato and onion : serve sauteed eggplant slices topped with grilled tomato and sauteed onion slices . 
an official at another major u.s. auto company suggested consumers are confused by the hodgepodge incentive programs the companies are offering. `` i do n't know whether the dog food we have put out has n't been served in a pretty plate , or whether the dog food itself is n't good enough , '' he added . 
place peeled hard-cooked eggs along the side of this cake and mold the remaining meat loaf mixture on top. in this way you serve a slice of egg in the side of each slice of meat . 
brush with cream or melted butter just before removing from stove . makes 18 to 20 buns moravian sugar cake is served at candle teas held in early december in old salem , north carolina . 
return to pot , stirring for a few moments , but do not boil . to serve , pour the contents of the pot into a warm serving bowl . 
introduction made , we were then escorted down marble steps to the gardens below . gaily striped tents were at one end and champagne and canapes were served from them by white-coated waiters . 
the lamb will take about 1-1/4 to 1-3/4 hours to cook , for rare. serve with the pan juices and the following bean dish : soak 2 cups of dried beans overnight. ( unless you use quick-cooking beans . ) 
it made her feel very uncomfortable . claire came back and served the coffee awkwardly . 
the customer ordered filet of sole and waited with keen anticipation . after the dish was served and it was a very watery one he waited some more . 
an annual eleven o'clock brunch held on the saturday morning nearest may 1 . as the guests arrive , they are served something special to drink . one hostess always serves coffee in pretty mexican glass cups . many serve an eye-opening demi-tasse of very hot , strong coffee . 
or arrange the cauliflower alone on a bed of greens. serve with vinaigrette sauce , mayonnaise , mayonnaise flavored with mustard or chili sauce , or with a sour cream dressing . 
slowly add the cream and egg yolk , stirring constantly. add the wine and cucumber and serve piping hot. serves 2 to 4 . 
`` most of these provisions , `` said my friend jaswant singh , `` are from donors , and they come by the cartload from villages . the cooking and serving are all done by volunteers . 
`` i 'd rather that she put her kids and husband first and put the business second or third , '' he says. even at work , he has her serve him coffee and run his personal errands . 
the ingredients will at least triple in bulk. refrigerate until ready to serve. serves 12 . 
in one house that she visited there was a heated swimming pool and spare sets of togs for visitors . at midnight a butler had served hot bouillon , then rashers and eggs . 
until recent years americans always overcooked lamb . people shied away from lamb that was the least bit pink , despite the fact that this is a meat that is much better when served rare . a number of restaurants mostly french , to be sure now serve fine roasted lamb that resembles good rare beef . 
today , in the yukon , alaska , they continue to do so , having moved the big community feast or potlatch to christmas. each family in the yukon brings plates or bowls for all its members , and the leaders serve the food usually moose stew and bear meat from common containers . 
tracking devices have also benefited greatly from the growing power of computers. for example , using implanted transponders which interact with radio signals from a mainframe computer , b.i. inc. 's system of identification for cows instructs feeding machines , also controlled by the mainframe , to serve up different diets for certain animals . 
there were dirty trays , and wine-coolers en permanence on the sideboard , huge dirty gilt cornices , with dingy yellow satin hangings to the barred windows which looked into cursitor street vast and dirty gilt picture-frames surrounding pieces sporting and sacred , all of which works were by the greatest masters ; and fetched the greatest prices , too , in the bill transactions , in the course of which they were sold and bought over and over again . the colonel 's breakfast was served to him in the same dingy and gorgeous plated ware . 
heat , but do not let boil. serve with good dark pumpernickel. serves 4 to 6 . 
at half after five i went below to set the cabin table , but i hardly knew what i did , for my eyes and brain were filled with the vision of a man , white-faced and trembling , comically like a bug , clinging to the thrashing gaff . at six o'clock , when i served supper , going on deck to get the food from the galley , i saw harrison , still in the same position . 
add cayenne. serve hot or cold , garnished with parsley. serves 4 to 6 . 
boil for 3 hours. to serve , reheat by steaming , or wrap pudding in foil paper and heat in oven . 
i see no reason food should n't be nutritious and consistent with the patient 's treatment. i 've seen hospitals where they 've served eggs to heart patients . '' 
the addition of an unusual sauce sets ost kaga ( swedish cheese cake ) apart from more well-known varieties . sauce is best served warm with chilled cake , but may also be served cold . 
`` now we are finding out what the economics of the business really are . `` for fine restaurants , rising labor costs loom as potential disaster , because a large proportion of their costs are built into the preparation of elegant dishes served in style , and their breakeven point is high . 
grill as you do loin chops ( see above ) . serve on toast with a garnish of watercress and crisp potato chips . 
so it was that night . the woman in whose house we stayed served us an excellent soup and chicken potted with vegetables . 
sprinkle with powdered sugar. serve with raspberry sauce . 
but as meetings have become more numerous and elaborate , many companies have begun hiring full-time planners to help organize meetings and control costs. the planners arrange everything from travel and lodging to speakers and recreational activities to the kind of coffee served at late-night sessions . 
oh , that 's no good. that 's where they serve cardboard instead of meat . 
top with a sprinkling of freshly ground black pepper and chopped parsley. serve with rice . 
season with salt and cayenne. add ice cubes to dilute and serve very cold. serves 6 . 
remove with two pot holders. serve warm ( not hot ) with 1 cup heavy cream beaten until stiff , then sweetened with 2 tablespoons sugar and flavored with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract ; or serve with vanilla ice cream . 
`` they need some quirky individuals up there , some marketing people , '' contends alta cools , the editor of for your information , an industry newsletter. others consider mr. chandler , who serves coffee to his colleagues on the company plane , too nice to make further hard-nosed cost-cutting moves that they consider necessary . 
digestion is made easy and complete , so that every atom feeds. it 's a great mistake to serve such foods infrequently ... . it is an interesting piece of copy , with its temperate phrasing and its modest and mysterious claim that `` every atom feeds . '' 
then he drank some whiskey and , though it was very little , it affected him immediately and he looked half-dazed when the waiter from room-service knocked on the door and entered with a tray . he had forgotten that he had ordered dinner to be served in his room . 
try to plan a meal which will include his favorite foods and , especially if he 's a great outdoor cook , not the sort of food he already cooks superbly himself ! i think most men will like the party beef stew suggested below ; in fact i 'm sure of it from having served it to so many . 
i have work to do and so , i imagine , have you. please tell than to serve cocktails in the living room again this evening . 
merewether felt a sudden warmth for this man ; at least he had experience as an officer in the navy and should not be unreasonable in his demands. `` sir , i always remain on deck with the pilot while we are in the hooghly , but you are welcome to use my cabin and have sangh serve you lunch , anything you want . 
when it is smooth and thick , add the dried beef , pulled apart into small pieces. blend thoroughly and serve over toast or toasted muffins . 
asparagus with too much white stalk is a waste of money , unless it is being sold at a bargain price. if you prefer to serve only the tips of the asparagus , save the green stalks for soup or a souffle. hot , fresh asparagus is delicious enough served with plain melted butter . if you want a more elaborate sauce , serve hollandaise , crumbs browned in butter or browned butter. cold asparagus should be served with vinaigrette sauce ( see salad dressings ) or mayonnaise . 
simply add more liquid ( lentil broth or wine ) if it tends to get dry. with this casserole serve an onion and lettuce salad dressed with olive oil and lemon juice ( instead of vinegar ) and a good red wine . 
this is a party salad , so make it look as pretty as you can . do n't let it stand around before serving . it must be served cold . 
if you do n't feed us soon , we 'll all die of starvation and end up plucking harps in heaven ! `` mr. hunter motioned to his wife to start serving dinner . `` 
place in preheated oven and bake , uncovered , until a browned crust forms on top. serve at once. serves 4 . 
garnish with dollops of whipped cream or pieces of fresh fruit . serves 6 to 8 . 
from the ravaged south bronx to the central citadel , just a few blocks from the gleaming citicorp center , the army 's christian soldiers open their doors nightly to the homeless , of whom there are probably between 30,000 and 60,000 throughout the city. on thanksgiving , soldiers and volunteers served turkey-and-cranberry dinners to nearly 8,500 people . 
pull off the apron and split the body in two. leave the crab in the shell if you wish to serve it cold with mayonnaise , or pick out the meat from the body and from the legs . 
arrange the cooked bird on a platter , remove the strings and carve as you would a roast chicken. serve with creamy mashed potatoes , buttered noodles or rice. 1. you may serve the broth first as a soup course . 
if the breasts are not crisp enough , run them under the broiler for the last few minutes. serve with fried rice , buttered asparagus and garlic or herbed bread . 
when he came to power he lost no time in starting a crusade for prohibition . with pistol in hand he went into a late-night bar that was still serving alcohol ( uncertain as to the new regime 's policy ) and personally cleared it out . 
he took extra care to include our servants in conversations , but he did it without being patronizing or making a show of it . when invited to dinner as our guest he was served by abdul and khalid , but his identity was with them as a fellow afghan , and it was well established . 
a year later , in 1981 , the cranberry partners opened the play in philadelphia with a new cast , and in 1982 , the chicago production opened , in a 300-seat theater that the couple had created from a ballroom at the blackstone , an old downtown hotel. the play is always done cabaret style , with the audience jammed around tiny tables and served cocktails at intermission . 
bake in a dg375 oven for 30 to 45 minutes , or until done when tested with a fork. serve with plenty of butter , salt and pepper . 
it is wise to have wire , a stepladder , and other possibly needed tools at hand . the food served will depend on the time of day . it usually ranges from christmas eggnog with fruitcake , to heartier late-supper fare like oyster stew or onion soup served in mugs and accompanied by garlic bread and relishes . 
instead we took a little trip to the white mountains in new hampshire , driving over many of the roads we had driven along forty years before on our first honeymoon . we found a lovely old new england inn in the midst of the mountains where the most delicious food was served and where we could rest and relive the years we had spent together as husband and wife . 
and they can spend their valuta-kupons in the beryozka ( birch tree ) stores for foreigners in moscow. a `` closed distribution `` system likewise provides expensive furs for the leaders ' wives to wear at state functions or delicatessen items for a moscow hostess to serve to foreign dignitaries . 
garnish with the reserved diced melon and mint leaves . serves 4 . 
garnish with chopped chives. serve shrimp cooked and peeled but with tails left on ( see shrimp , page 111 , v2 ) with a sharp dunk sauce . 
store and let ripen at least three days . sweet potatoes in some form were always served with holiday meals . 
as soon as you step on the plane , a beautiful stewardess takes your coat and leads you to the captain 's lounge . right way she starts serving the booze . 
his companion 's voice reached me , utterly inarticulate . he should have been taken home to bed , but was instead being served a nightcap . 
strain the bouillon over the vegetables and eggs , and sprinkle with chopped scallions . serves 6 . 
well , i 've become indifferent , as a matter of fact , and there 's something to be said for it . once one discovers that food tastes just as good served from card tables and eaten with dimestore cutlery , one is considerably less vulnerable . `` 
make a dumpling dough 11 , v1 ) and add 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley to the flour when you mix the dumplings . drop spoonfuls of this mixture over the surface of the stew a few minutes before serving time . 
bake in a dg375 oven for 30 minutes or until puffed and brown. serve at once with whipped cream or a custard sauce flavored with the liqueur . 
i have yet to eat a ready-cooked shrimp that was not overdone , dry and tasteless , and this shellfish is so easy to prepare yourself that it seems unnecessary to depend on the fish dealer to do the cooking. one pound of unshelled raw shrimp will serve 2 persons amply for a main course , and 4 persons for appetizers . 
it reheats beautifully. serve in a big bowl with arrangements to keep it hot . 
pour the hot soup over the potatoes , and garnish with croutons if desired . serves 6 . 
if desired , additional sour cream may be added as garnish. serve with dark bread. serves 4 . 
press the herb in firmly with the heel of your hand so that it sticks in the meat. broil according to your favorite method ( see above ) and serve on a hot platter . 
`` the hotel help did n't even say , `` i told you so `` ; they sighed and went to her rescue . later we were served a six-course dinner . 
i bought two crisp loaves of bread and wolfed them down as i wandered through the alleyways of the old town . but the meal left me so hungry that i boldly went into a restaurant , explained that i had lost my ration tickets , and asked to be served anyway . 
furthermore , the experience gained will stand you in very good stead for the rest of your life . in the five dinners which follow i have arbitrarily assumed that they will be served at seven o'clock . 
when cool , stir , cover , and place in refrigerator . just before serving , beat for a moment to be sure the sauce is completely smooth . 
my stomach 's still trying to break that thing down into something i can live on , just like a big piece , two big pieces , of bathroom tile with some mastic in between . served hot . 
various dishes of `` dips `` , breadsticks , salted nuts , crackers , cheeses , hot and cold canapes ( constantly replenished ) , and other appetizers are placed along both sides of the table . frozen hors d'oeuvres can be bought in advance , popped into the oven and served piping hot . 
`` i want to talk to charlie . `` he went to where the bartender was serving , and jowett glared at timken . 
largest of all is moet & chandon , the `` general motors of champagne , `` which now sells about 17 million bottles a year compared with only five million from its nearest rival. from the experts i learned a lot about how to serve champagne often flatly contradicting what 's considered genteel practice elsewhere . 
let cool to room temperature. serve from the pie plate at room temperature or chilled . 
cover and shake well. serve in chilled glasses. serves 8 . 
because of an urgent command from your guts . for dinner tonight , the tall lady served corn bread , black-eyed peas and chitterlings better known as chit'lins . 
line a salad bowl with lettuce leaves and fill the center with vegetable salad . serves 8 . 
around five o'clock , with the bar packed and the boss and myself going like a pair of red-shanks who should come sloping in but the cracker and slinking in after him his young brother merley a shifty-eyed jackal , if ever there was one . they pushed their way up the crowded bar to where myko was serving . 
i was impatient not to have been called to translate . i saw markos and demetrios and webb eating a meal which the woman , maria , served them , and i knew then that i would not be called . `` 
i boarded a small motor boat which sailed across the bay to the ancient chateau d'if , known best as the prison of the fictitious count of monte cristo . that night i strolled through the elegant quarter and surrendered to a quiet evening in a cozy restaurant where i was served an excellent dinner in old-fashioned splendor . 
heat through , but do not boil or the cream will curdle. season to taste and serve on toast . 
top each portion with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with minced parsley . serves 6 to 8 . 
bake as you do apple pie ( above ) . serve warm with heavy cream or sour cream . 
pour over the lamb balls . serves 6 to 8 . 
add the bourbon to the peaches and juice and let them stand in this mixture , turning them occasionally to be sure they are evenly bathed. serve cold . 
garnish with croutons , if desired . serves 4 . 
season with salt and pepper and roast at dg375 for about 35 minutes , or until a meat thermometer inserted in the fleshy part registers dg145 to dg150. serve with crisp fried potatoes . 
discard bones , cut the meat into small pieces and return to soup. serve piping hot , garnished with chopped parsley or dill. serves 8 to 10 . 
a crisp green , such as broccoli , braised lettuce or braised celery goes well with this goulash , and pickles are an appropriate addition. for dessert serve cinnamon-flavored baked apples with heavy cream . 
she wanted to have both hands free for shoving food into her mouth . i 've been to catered weddings where they served less food than my wife consumed in one evening watching the `` late show . `` 
it is called the cessation meal because it precedes a day of fasting . `` challah `` is served and blessed by the father , as at rosh hashonah . 
do n't leave children alone , without an older person with them. if you do not have someone to help you , serve refreshments which you can put on the table in advance . 
the stock will form a firm but tender jelly. slice to serve , jelly and all. serves 20 . 
her voice was perpetually stifling little giggles. their heads , one blond the other graying , seemed to be floating on clouds of smoke when i wheeled in the trolley to serve them some coffee and cakes . 
they have strong individual flavours which may or may not appeal . the one wine which can be served all through any dinner party without exception is , of course , champagne . 
while such pyrotechnics can be impressive , most planners agree that successful meetings often hinge on the mundane. linda carey , meeting planner for dow chemical co. , sees to it that only decaffeinated coffee is served at afternoon meetings . 
gently reheat the soup but do not boil. to serve , float the egg-white meringues on top. serves 5 to 6 . 
make the rich cream sauce and heat the meat in the sauce. season to taste and serve on toast or hot biscuits . 
too many at one meal can be overwhelming . if you are serving a rich sauce on the main dish , serve a simple vegetable as an accompaniment . 
now she acted as a kind of housemother to spies in training . she served a delicious lunch of pea soup , spiced beef and rice baked in light dough , red cabbage , tomato salad and melon , accompanied by red wine . 
arrange these around the tuna salad. serve with additional mayonnaise and lemon wedges. buy firmly packed , canned salmon that can be served in one piece . 
soak in the vinaigrette sauce for several hours , turning frequently to be sure the beet strips are evenly bathed . an hour or two before serving , drain the beets and mix with sour cream ; or arrange on a plate and cover with sour cream . 
i have counted carefully. ky phat will serve more beer , and fleur will soon serve the sweet rice , which will keep them from leaving . '' 
pour into a buttered and sugared casserole or souffle dish and bake at dg350 for 30 to 35 minutes , or until the souffle has puffed up and is lightly browned. serve at once . 
but kiyoko also knows that her job will involve a lot of hard work . for the 372,400-ton tanker will be crewed by 30 men and four women stewardesses who will be assigned to cleaning , bed-making , serving tea and meals and welcoming foreign guests . 
garnish with hard-cooked egg slices and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
last year he opened a restaurant and inn. with the help of his wife and daughter , he serves noodles and puts up travelers for one yuan ( 27 cents ) a night . 
chop the herbs very fine and add to the eggs before cooking or right after you pour the eggs into the pan. serve herbed eggs with a sprinkling of chopped parsley on top . 
remove the steamed clams and discard any with unopened shells. serve with bowls of the broth from the kettle and bowls of melted butter for dunking the clams as they are removed from the shells . 
sprinkle with paprika or chopped fresh parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
meantime , split rolls and toast them on the grill. butter them and serve a frankfurter in each. serves 8 ( if you 're also serving hamburgers ) . 
bartletts , on the market in the summer , are good both raw and cooked . the comice , bosc and anjou that arrive in the fall are also good for both purposes but they are exceptionally tasty served plain with a fine cheese . 
traditionally , the sour cream is blended with flour and stirred into soup , which is brought again to a boil . a more attractive and much more delicately flavored soup can be made by placing a large blob of sour cream in the center of each bowl of soup before serving . 
care staff monitors the distribution at each site. using this system , care has delivered 50,000 metric tons of food since our famine-relief operations began in ethiopia , where we serve 600,000 people a month . 
put in preheated dg400 f. oven and cook 15 minutes , or until peas are just done. serve with tiny biscuits . 
cook for 20 to 25 minutes , or until the rice is done but not mushy. drain and serve with plenty of butter . 
strained : if you like a very fine , smooth sauce , put the apple sauce through a fine sieve after it has cooked . apple sauce and horseradish : this is excellent served with pork dishes . 
for the children , settle , for the most part , on healthful dinner casseroles a beef stew or a chicken-and-rice dish that you know they will like. serve your husband his chops or steak , a baked potato and a salad . 
i grew up on a farm in the '30s when you butchered your own hog and ate everything but the squeal. in those days steele 's cafe at norborne , mo. -- the soybean capital of the world -- served brain sandwiches on grill-toasted hamburger buns . 
bake in 375 degree oven until golden ( 15 -- 20 minutes ) . wrap in a napkin to serve . 
another work assignment for school children throughout hawaii is cafeteria duty . in most island schools , a hot lunch is served at noon . 
taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary . add the vermouth just before serving . serves 6 . 
he could feign such innocence when challenged that i soon gave up altogether . when he once served pineapple upside-down cake with green olives substituted for the pineapple , he convinced me i had ordered it that way . 
well ahead of time wash the lettuce , shake to remove excess moisture , wrap in a clean tea towel , and place in the refrigerator to crisp. when ready to serve , tear the lettuce into a salad bowl . 
saute the cakes quickly in olive oil. salt and pepper to taste and serve with sauteed eggplant . 
garnish with chopped watercress or parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
`` but there are stores `` `` what are you going to be serving your kids chitterlings and turnip greens ? `` 
or broil to your favorite state of doneness. serve with rice pilaff , barley casserole , or kasha . 
but whatever the reason , we clearly regard lizards as unsuitable for eating . we once served iguana at a dinner party in south america . 
`` why the coupole ? `` says carl . `` because the coupole serves porridge at all hours and porridge makes you shit . `` 
correct seasoning. stir in the cream and serve hot. serves 6 . 
drain well , season to taste with salt , freshly ground black pepper and plenty of butter. serve with lemon sections or a cruet of vinegar . 
there is one pavilion at monblaisir which aurelius victor xv had arranged a great prince , but too fond of pleasure and which i am told is a perfect wonder of licentious elegance . it is painted with the story of bacchus and ariadne , and the table works in and out of the room by means of a windlass , so that the company was served without any intervention of domestics . 
syrian-americans , however , gather in the church hall for a feast on two kinds of raised doughnuts , zalabee and awam . the latter are served with a sweet , lemon-flavored syrup . 
taste for seasoning. serve hot with chopped fresh parsley , or cold , garnished with thin lemon slices . 
cook gently until just tender about 10 to 15 minutes. drain the broccoli , season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with melted butter . 
add croutons , toss again lightly . serves 8 . 
crisped : dust the potato slices with a little flour for a crisper finish. serve these with fried apple rings and crisp bacon slices . 
garnish with the reserved whole berries. serve with 1 cup heavy cream or with whipped cream ( see note ) . note the old-fashioned way to serve shortcake was with plain heavy cream. if you prefer , however , serve it with whipped cream : whip 1 cup heavy cream until stiff , sweeten with 1/4 cup sugar , and flavor with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract . 
could you cook a dinner ? even if you 've never tried before , i think you could manage any of the dinners suggested in this chapter and serve them forth with pride , provided you follow directions carefully and stick to the time schedules . 
the yam has a more decided flavor and is very oily . the plain sweet is dry and firm and needs to be served with an extra amount of butter . 
he was on edge , and she was edgy , too . the motel served a free continental breakfast in a sunny , drafty breakfast room . 
in fact , bertha would have blown a gasket . then the stewardess served lunch and i relaxed . 
stir until blended with the pan juices and heated through , but do not boil or the sour cream will curdle. serve with the meat . 
form into cakes and wrap each one with a rasher of bacon. broil and serve on buttered buns . 
for guests driving into the parking area or the garage , hang a big welcome sign to greet them. have some refreshments ready to serve . 
bring to a boil , lower heat and simmer until soup is slightly thickened about 10 minutes. discard soup bone and serve piping hot. serves 8 . variations : ( 1 ) serve with grated parmesan cheese to sprinkle over the soup . ( 2 ) add a clove of garlic along with the vegetables and discard just before serving . 
milk was reserved for babies . there was butter on the tables of the wealthier families , and fresh fish was often served , though seldom beef or mutton , which was reserved for sale in the larger town markets . 
as in our infancy , everything is done for us and we do not need to lift a finger . our food is prepared by the chef-mother , served to us by the waitress-mother , and our beds are made and our rooms cleaned by the maid-mother . 
place under broiler until cheese is melted and browned . serves 6 . 
indian betel , also known as `` pan , '' is usually a bit of nut and gum from the areca palm , some lime ( the stuff used in plaster , not the fruit ) , cardamom and often tobacco wrapped in a leaf from a type of pepper plant , also called betel. pan , whose pronunciation is halfway between the cooking utensil and the chess piece , is often served with cloves , coconut and mint . 
top each serving with a dollop of salted whipped cream or with croutons . serves 4 to 6 . 
many of the worshipers are families living in welfare hotels and single men and women who sleep in streets or public buildings. after the service , salvation army officers hand out bags of groceries to the families and later serve hot meals to the homeless . 
do not drain off juice . serves 6 to 8 . 
what can be better on a day like this than homemade pea soup and swedish pancakes , or plattar , as we always called them ! mama always served pea soup and plattar on thursdays , and how we children looked forward to that meal ! 
bake in 375 degree oven until golden brown ( about 30 minutes ) . serves 4 . 
if you think so , just tell me and we 'll do without it for awhile. i 'd like a gay cloth and napkins for the table in the alcove , and a set of pretty dishes , so that once a month each class could cook a meal and serve it attractively . 
is it ever welcome ! she thought , feeling satisfied for the first time in twelve hours . the coffee , served in a dainty cup with a proper napkin , was the best maris had had since she left home . 
cover and simmer for about 15 minutes . serves 4 to 6 . 
pour over the chicken . this is particularly good served with a plain rice pilaff , cooked in chicken broth , and tiny green peas , french style . serve a bottle of the same dry white wine you used in the cooking . 
taste for seasoning. serve these scallops in cream with mashed potatoes liberally dressed with butter , tiny french peas cooked with onions and a celery salad . 
brush the kidneys and mushrooms with melted butter and broil quickly , turning often to brown on all sides. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with boiled new potatoes and green beans dressed with plenty of butter and mixed with chopped almonds . 
everything we did , everywhere we looked reminded mohamed of another story . these thousand-and-one tales capsuled into a single rising and setting of the sun began shortly after our take-off from palma airport , when we were served a cold lunch aboard the plane . it was the same rubbery ham and dripping roast beef that we were always served on this particular airline . 
after all , they say , confusion about lights is an effective and entertaining way to deal with one of their major marketing challenges : persuading people to ask for the bud light brand in bars. when people simply order a light beer , bartenders are apt to serve top-selling miller lite . 
will keep in a covered container in the refrigerator for a month. serve over ice . 
when you practice your exercises focus all your attention on yoga. do n't think about how you 're going to pay the insurance premium , why your stock keeps going down , or what to serve at your dinner party saturday night . 
season with salt and pepper . serves 4 to 6 . 
pour melted butter over all and bake in a dg350 oven for 15 minutes , or until brown and bubbly . these tidbits are excellent served hot with cocktails or served as a vegetable with a meat course . 
if you use seafood , be sure it is not overcooked , mushy and tasteless . always taste salad before serving it . 
roll overlapping edges over and over together , to seal pie and make a pastry border just inside pan . for easy serving , top may be scored in large squares . 
drain thoroughly. place in a bowl and refrigerate until ready to serve with cream and sugar. serves 4 . 
garnish each portion with a slice of lemon and a sprinkling of nutmeg . serves 4 to 6 . 
swiss executives also adhere to the rules but smile occasionally. the french honor some rules , smile and make sure the wine is properly served at lunch . 
i ordered another scotch for myself and another beer for cummins . after swell served them and went back to the comics , cummins said , `` friday night he told me he had a hot one . 
i 'm really very fond of bread and cheese. `` katerina drove the small car to a restaurant guaranteed to serve fine steaks . 
and , as far as i can see , so is everyone else. that explains all the coffee and sweets they serve in their rooms at the drop of a hat . 
this problem can easily be solved without anybody , young or old , feeling discriminated against . set up tables wherever they can be served conveniently , cover them with different-colored tablecloths . 
sugar to taste and combine with blueberries. serve over vanilla ice cream . 
each night in kabul a cannon was fired from one of the ramparts of the old wall that surrounded parts of the city , and it boomed out to mark the end of that day 's fasting. our servants would scurry out to their quarters to stuff themselves with dates and cucumber slices to stave off hunger pangs long enough to serve us our evening meal . 
remove the cooked shoulder to a hot platter , cut the strings and garnish the platter with tiny string beans cooked until tender and then tossed in hot butter , small new potatoes cooked in butter until golden brown , and a delicate dusting of chopped parsley. skim the excess fat from the juices in the pan and serve the broth separately as a sauce . 
add liquid from cabbage rolls and simmer until thick like gravy. pour over cabbage rolls and serve. serves 8 to 10 . 
when the peppers are brown on top and cooked through , remove them to a hot platter. serve plain or with a tomato sauce or barbecue sauce . 
at the conclusion of the prayer , he announced , `` i wish you all to drink in memory of a brave and able young officer. mr. davis , you have my permission to serve out a ration of rum to all hands . 
cool the soup , then chill . just before serving , beat with a rotary beater . 
apparently dinner was delayed , he was feeling the effects of the gin when the butler appeared and made his announcement . the dinner was served in a large dining room , bright with candlelight . 
what hard work is recalled ! the number of meals ( canine and human ) cooked and served . 
add salt and pepper. pour sauce over the beets and serve . 
recipes for eggnog are many and varied , from the very rich kentucky bourbon version to those requiring a variety of liquors . when making a quantity of eggnog to serve over a period of time , it is more satisfactory to divide the egg whites and use only as needed , beating them up at the time of serving . 
while borsch 's loss of popularity appears widespread in the area , there remains at least one mountain retreat where hungry traditionalists are still demanding the goods. at the concord hotel , the soup has grown so popular that it 's now served in tall glasses there. ( the hotel says guests were complaining about the skimpy portions they got in its small soup bowls . ) 
do not overcook. drain well and serve with plenty of salt , freshly ground black pepper and butter . 
they are usually an economical buy . for roasting for more than 4 persons : select a capon if you are serving more than four people . 
for beginners who like to see things happen fast , the first seeds should be quick-growers like radishes and onions , or zinnias and marigolds . be sure to celebrate the first `` crop `` that can be served with pride at the dinner table , even if it is n't enough to go around once ! 
if the broth still seems fatty to you , pour it through a strainer lined with a linen napkin or towel . traditionally pot au feu is served as follows : first a bowl of broth ; then slices of the beef and salt pork with the vegetables and boiled potatoes , sour pickles and hot mustard . 
do not try to stretch seafood. serve good-sized hunks of crab , lobster or shrimp and allow at least 1/2 cup per person . 
if you do not buy the `` quick-cooking `` variety , be sure to pick over the legumes to remove any bits of pod or any damaged beans , and then soak them in plenty of water for 5 to 6 hours before cooking . white pea beans cooked in the basic fashion may be dressed or flavored in a variety of ways before serving . 
about 15 minutes before the veal is done , add 1 cup of ripe olives. serve this with buttered macaroni and sauteed eggplant . 
best eaten hot , but good cold . serves 8 to 9 generously as main course . 
the pioneers brought wheat seed with them , but soon discovered that the rich humus soil of the south was too luxurious for wheat ; they had to content themselves with the hardier meal ground from native corn . for a long time wheat flour for biscuits , shortcake , or pie was considered a great delicacy , while corn became a staple in the southern diet and was served in many ways . 
diane kettler , who was in casey 's room at school , was helping behind the counter . casey watched with admiration as diane served coffee in a paper cup with one hand and made change for a dollar with the other . 
but mexico has its own share of well-heeled young people , and the corona boom in the u.s. is making them thirst for corona too. today affluent young mexicans can be found ordering corona in the capital 's pricier restaurants , places that in the past would have served one of mexico 's fuller-bodied premium beers . 
it should be on the underdone side. remove to a hot platter , cut into quarters and serve heaped with petits pois , tiny white onions and strips of ham . 
`` macao was , actually , a sophisticated international society , in spirit as well as mileage a world away from philadelphia . grandpa 's diary tells of receptions and dinners given by the great hong merchants , at one of which fifty courses were served , from deer sinews to sharks ' fins and birds ' nest soup . 
eggnog can be frozen satisfactorily , but will not freeze hard because of the large quantity of alcohol . serves approximately 25 . 
when the omelet is mostly cooked but still creamy and not hard on top , slip the spatula under one edge and roll it over , folding it as you slide it out on a hot plate. serve at once . 
bake ten minutes , then reduce heat to dg325 f. bake 30 minutes or longer. serve cold . 
try a gumbo someday ; you wo n't regret it , for it is a fascinating adventure in cooking . it must always be served with rice . 
cover and bake in a dg350 oven for 45 minutes to an hour. serve from the casserole . 
he went back to london on an air india boeing 707 . curry , and hostesses in saris , and breakfast served an hour before landing , and when the plane touched down it was lunchtime . 
if you use these liquids , omit the vinegar or lemon juice. serve eggs cooked in these liquids in soup bowls with the broth poured over them . 
guests will have little appetite for dinner . if you are serving only ice cream and cake , serve it first in the early afternoon or early evening . otherwise serve a simple lunch , or a simple supper , followed by dessert . 
cook over low heat until shrimp is cooked through about 6 minutes. taste for seasoning and serve hot. serves 4 to 6 . 
even a kitchen table can be set attractively with place mats and nice dishes . any picture is enhanced by an attractive frame , and the simplest food will be more appetizing when served attractively . 
sprinkle dill seeds and dill weeds over apple pie crust or apple crisp before they go into the oven . sprinkle dill weed on bean soup just before serving to present a lively , visually attractive dish . 
reheat . just before serving , stir in the cream . 
beat in the chopped onions and green pepper. heap the avocado mixture on a bed of greens , garnish with tomato cubes and sliced green olives and serve with vinaigrette sauce. some vegetables can be cooked in an a la grecque bouillon and then chilled and served on greens , as a salad or hors d'oeuvre course . 
add cream and chervil . serves 3 to 5 . 
cover the pot with a tightly fitting lid , turn the heat down to low , and cook for 30 minutes , until rice is tender ( not mushy ) and all water is absorbed . uncover pot just before serving ; fluff rice gently with a fork to separate all the grains . 
even the well-to-do villager may taste meat only occasionally . after breakfast the men either napped or tended their flocks while women prepared lunch , generally a pot of boiled millet served about 2:30 . 
the first thing any mainlander notices about hawaiian social events is the variety of national foods presented . `` for a christmas party , `` one islander says , `` you may be served both oriental and european food , with hawaiian poi , and have eggnog to drink . `` 
`` the food looks like a flower too , `` said timmy , seeing the flower salad of cottage cheese and peaches in a little lettuce . the children were also served peanut butter sandwiches , milk , the garden cake and flower-pot ice cream . 
come along and finish it while i unpack . `` dinner was served by a uniformed maid and there were candles on the table although it was n't dark yet . 
turn them often and baste with a mixture of the honey and lemon juice. serve these spareribs with crisp potato chips , a huge bowl of cole slaw and some of the heated marinade for a sauce , if you like . 
here the process differs. bruise the seeds , add them to boiling water and simmer gently for 5 to 10 minutes , strain and serve at once . 
if desired , garnish with chopped parsley or croutons . serves 6 . 
os-cal has captured 50 percent of the total market for calcium supplements . at his mansion outside kansas city , kauffman serves cocktails with napkins that say : as os-cal grew , kauffman recruited what was to become one of the most effective sales forces in the industry . 
it was all he could do to control his laughter in my presence and once inside the house , while i frantically brushed off thorns and rose petals , i could hear the wails of mirth bordering on hysteria exploding in the kitchen . even quiet khalid , who rarely said a word , lost his reserve during the evening meal and could not look my way when serving dinner . 
we sat outside under the awning of the casino , tired , but hoping that some private session would jell . but the prize-winners had all disappeared and the bars were no longer serving . 
add to ingredients in saucepan. serve hot or chilled. stir in the sherry just before serving . 
tax-supported restaurants . last year , serving meals at subsidized prices , senate restaurants operated at a $ 503,800 deficit . 
something 's gone haywire . `` freda gulped her coffee , grabbed her coat to ward off the early-morning chill , and left her order of ham and eggs to be served to an empty chair . 
in ancient times , it was believed that almonds offered protection against unseen evil forces , and it may well be that the first almond was put into the christmas grot for this reason . the original pudding or porridge was a simple affair , served with cream or milk , sugar , and cinnamon . 
add scallions and cook for another 5 minutes . serves 4 to 6 . 
i would suggest that you press one of your guests into helping you with the making of these , because if you try to cook all these eggs in one pan and do it , as you should , over a low heat , it will take forever . the object of adding the extra egg yolks just before serving is that if the eggs have to stand even a little while before they 're eaten this will keep them moist and soft as they should be . 
she knew that in the almeida home the day would be a quiet one . last night , on christmas eve , carlos and guida had gone with their parents to midnight mass , after which a dinner had been served to the family and a number of invited relatives . 
garnish with sliced beets and sliced onions that have marinated in a french dressing made with orange juice instead of vinegar. surround with orange slices , and serve with heated garlic bread . 
it should be especially good for christmas , when there is so much rich food everywhere . `` she added that the controversial buche de noel is seldom served for reveillon . 
it should be cooked slowly and be thoroughly done. a 4-pound boneless roast cut from the leg will serve 6 persons . 
cheese : in soup cookery , one will run across a few cheese soups . but cheese is most often to be found sprinkled on top just before serving or gratinee ( crusted ) as in the familiar french onion soup . 
he wants to get us all together . he serves tea and biscuits . 
follow the directions for stewed blackberries ( page 111 ) . serve with heavy cream , whipped cream , custard sauce or ice cream . 
well , miss hope , will you be my second wife ? `` billy saved her from having to answer this nonsense by serving stan with a second piece of pie . 
place dish in a preheated dg275 oven and bake for 2 hours . remove from oven and let the pudding dish stand on a rack or cake cooler for 1/2 hour before serving . serve with 1 cup heavy cream , whipped until stiff , sweetened with 1/4 cup sugar , and flavored with 1 teaspoon vanilla extract ; or if preferred , serve with vanilla ice cream . 
buy a rib roast of beef and roast it just to the rare stage ( see beef , page 111 , v2 ) . serve it in paper-thin slices on well-buttered rye bread , and have a selection of mustards . 
put raw vegetables into salads . it 's much less trouble than cooking them to death and serving the remains in a side dish ! 
`` our first customer sat down and immediately a hanging plant crashed right by her chair , '' says mr. sweatt. an early attempt at serving an `` authentic '' italian breakfast bombed . 
garnish with sour cream . serves 6 to 8 . 
if possible , select the piece of meat and have it ground to order. many people will tell you that 1 pound of boneless beef will serve 4 people . 
this should take about 15 minutes. drain well and serve with melted butter and salt and pepper to taste . 
it also provides an excellent opportunity for everyone in the family to assist in the hospitality . plan food that can be kept hot or cold over a period of time so that everyone will not have to arrive and be served at the same time . 
garnish with a sprinkling of chopped parsley or chives . serves 6 . 
allow 1/2 to 3/4 pound of fish per person and bake stuffed , according to directions for baked stuffed whole fish ( see page 111 ) ; or bake without stuffing , basting frequently with melted butter. serve with an egg sauce or hollandaise sauce . 
garnish with toasted peanuts . serves 4 to 6 . 
just before they are done add 6 finely chopped ripe olives. serve with a sprinkling of grated parmesan cheese . 
a broad strip of christmas-red felt or oilcloth down the middle of a white cloth makes a gay table. ( see part ii ) the dog days of august when the weather is so hot that appetites diminish try a pick-up just for fun. serve hot dogs , of course , indoors or out , with all sorts of extras such as sauerkraut , piccalilly , mustard , strips of cheese , and various relishes . 
heat , but do not boil . put a tablespoon of sherry in each serving bowl before pouring soup . serves 6 to 8 . 
garnish with chopped hard-cooked egg . serves 6 . 
have the butcher trim the chops and scrape the bone. he should give you little paper frills to add to the bone tips when you serve . 
she examined the raw pork balls marinating in the sink ; nem nuong , one of daniel 's favorite vietnamese dishes . she smiled to herself , imagining the glow of pleasure in his eyes when she served them to him tonight . 
this 1801 recipe , using already cooked rice , is a find for busy women today . it is perfect with fowl , or in any way rice is served . 
return to the stove and simmer for another hour. taste for seasoning and serve over hot pasta . 
often enough she had dined alone when martin was at the institute , but then he had been returning to her some time before dawn probably and she had reflectively munched a snack on the corner of the kitchen table , looking at the funnies in the evening paper . tonight she had to live up to the butler , who served her as though she were a dinner-party of twenty . 
taste for seasoning and add salt and pepper if needed. serve the sauce with the chops . 
sprinkle with paprika , if desired . serves 2 to 4 . 
however , we drew new pal names again so can now have the fun of trying to fool or mystify another guild friend this coming year . the guild girls again served the noon lunch at our december semiannual organization meeting . 
broil until the bacon is cooked. serve hot . 
sprinkle with paprika . serves 4 to 6 . 
stir well with each addition . when ready to serve , beat egg whites ( or as many as needed for first serving ) until stiff . 
bake in 375 degree oven 35 minutes. serve with whipped cream ( see page 201 , v2 ) if desired. serves 6 . 
place in a pan of hot water and bake in 350 degree oven until firm ( 45 -- 50 minutes ) . serve hot with cream to pour over , if desired. serves 4 to 6 . 
place some chopped fresh parsley in soup bowls and fill with the hot soup . serves 6 to 8 . 
the anti-alcohol campaign is much more attuned to the u.s. executive on a pritikin diet. alcohol is now served only between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m . 
add the crabmeat and heat through. serve on rice and accompany with chutney and chopped toasted almonds . 
bake 15 minutes , then lower heat to dg375 f. and bake another 30 minutes , or until golden brown. serve cold . 
his room furniture was arranged to make opening the window impossible. in the restaurant , a waitress demanded payment for the appetizer before agreeing to serve the main course . 
it had started out as a simple diner , but with the increasing number of summer visitors coming to walling from new york city , pat farrell had expanded his business by adding an open-air patio with space for eight tables at one end of the diner . the restaurant served cokes and half a dozen varieties of ice cream , but nothing as elaborate as a banana split . 
when they are done , remove them from the oven , split open the tops and add a good-sized lump of butter to each one. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with additional butter , salt and pepper . 
when we took off , there was no talk of fastening seat belts . when we were up in the air , a young steward served us rye bread and salami and butter and cheese and white wine . 
sometime back he had made up his mind to shoot a deer for his cat 's last meal . he was sure the panther would accept a dead deer even if he did insist that his other food be served alive . 
garnish with a dollop of whipped cream and sprinkle with paprika or minced parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
blend 3 tablespoons of flour into the fat and slowly add the milk and cream mixed , stirring to be sure it does not lump. when the sauce is smooth and thick , season with salt and pepper and serve with the chicken. with this serve creamy mashed potatoes and buttered broccoli . 
remember the greens , george todd 's friends ? they serve cocktails or highballs almost every evening before dinner , and consider drinking a custom that increases the pleasure of social relations . 
he comes here , they say , from a neighboring town on the main route to mexico city , but either he has not received the many messages we have left for him or he has not had ice to spare us . meanwhile , coca-cola is served cold everywhere , and because bottles in the stores are surrounded with beautiful ice , we know he has passed through . 
if you like the brown crust mixed through the hash , turn it occasionally. serve corned beef hash plain or topped with a poached or fried egg . 
it was a delicious sensation to be cooking his own supper in the coolness of the cottage with the heat outside , and when the fish began to sizzle he became very hungry . he served them up on a plate with the peas and ate his meal on the veranda while he looked at the lake . 
fill neck cavity first , close , then fill bottom cavity. to serve , dressing may be spooned out , or removed in a chunk from the fowl and sliced like bread or dumplings . 
then turn and finish cooking on the other side. serve plain or with a sharp barbecue sauce . 
ted 's episcopalian blessing was brief , dignified . the food was good , beautifully served , but limited . 
victorine and madame couture slept until late in the morning , and vautrin , who had gone out before eight o'clock , returned at the very moment that breakfast was put upon the table . so nobody protested when , at a quarter past eleven , sylvie and christophe knocked at all the doors and announced that breakfast was served . 
season with salt , white pepper and paprika. serve hot or cold . 
`` oh , yes ! `` she thought a chili was something cool , as its name imported , and was served with some . 
wearing a pink or red carnation honors mother if she is alive ; a white flower if she is dead . the family usually goes out to dinner , or another member of the family prepares and serves it , giving mother the pleasure of a meal she did n't cook . 
then the baby gets his first big drink of the day , in a bottle if he prefers it that way . breakfast is served to all the family . 
top with the other halves and broil or pan-broil as above. serve in buttered , toasted buns . 
washington had moved his headquarters to the old ferry inn , which was run by mckonkey and which still stands today on the west bank of the delaware . old mckonkey had the energy and excitement of a boy ; he was heart and soul with the rebel cause , and for two days he went without sleep , cooking and serving twenty-four hours a day . 
let the mushrooms cook down until they are very rich almost black. mix with plenty of whole toasted almonds and serve the casserole with the mushroom-almond mixture spread over the top . 
when water returns to the boil , cook 3 minutes . drain corn , cover kettle , and bring it to the picnic table as is , serving plenty of butter for the guests to add themselves . serves 8 . 
a guest must be a guest , then , and welcome gladly whatever was offered . the second course was fish , served on flat plates of leather . 
chill until icy cold . just before serving , stir in the cream and sprinkle with chives . serves 6 to 8 . 
when raised dough is ready for the oven and in its pans , brush tops with egg yolk lightly thinned with water and sprinkle on poppy seeds generously. when bread is baked serve with butter only. serve demitasse for demigods crush a coriander seed the symbol of immortality in the bottom of each cup before serving after dinner coffees . 
skim the excess fat from the liquid in the kettle and add more broth or other liquid to make enough for sauce. thicken with balls of butter and flour kneaded together ( see beurre manie above ) and serve separately in a sauceboat . 
frittatas are a workingman 's lunch dish in italy , sometimes eaten for dinner. many patrons bragged of having sauce recipes superior to what was served at olive garden . 
add the cherries and simmer gently until they are just done. serve warm or cold with whipped cream , ice cream or custard sauce . 
if desired , garnish with sprigs of watercress . serves 4 . 
garnish with pumpernickel croutons . serves 6 to 8 . 
sprinkle with toasted slivered almonds . serves 4 to 6 . 
christine and her father kept their eyes riveted upon their plates. madame p. began to serve them ; she asked christine to hold out her plate . 
four large tents had already been pitched in a field . as the marchers lined up for supper ( three tons of spaghetti ) , which was served to them on paper plates , from brand-new garbage pails , night fell . 
hobomok climbed to the roof of the hut and shouted for squanto , who soon came ambling along with many indians behind him , all rather fearful and carrying the choicest of their provisions as a peace offering . in the morning the pilgrims were served breakfast in squanto 's hut , and to them came `` all whose hearts were upright . `` 
season with salt and pepper and add a pinch of cayenne . serves 6 to 8 . 
then there was the solicitous query i received from consumer reports : `` did you know that the oxalic acid in spinach impairs the absorption of calcium from any foods digested with it ? . . . spinach is n't the ideal vegetable to serve regularly at the dinner table . '' 
arrange the cooked corned beef on a hot platter and surround it with the vegetables. serve with baked or boiled potatoes and a variety of good mustards and pickles . 
it is lovely if the whole family can sit together in the pew , even on this busy day for the housewife . sometimes it can be arranged if the dinner is served late in the afternoon . 
heat the bread in a dg350 oven for about 12 minutes. cut it into thick slices and serve with garlic butter ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 2 . 
make a shortcake ( page 11 , v1 ) . sugar the berries to taste and serve them on the shortcake . 
heat until the oyster edges curl. serve at once , sprinkled with paprika or chopped parsley. serves 4 . 
place a large spoonful of sour cream in each soup plate before filling with hot soup. serve with thick slices of dark pumpernickel bread. serves 6 to 8 . 
cool to room temperature. cut into squares to serve . 
they are always with us , they are plentiful and they are cheap . yet anyone who has enjoyed the results of a summer vegetable garden knows how delectable tiny new green beans can be when cooked just right , drained well , buttered well and served piping hot . 
he remembered the glow of the fire upon the curve of a certain great amethyst glass jar . the meal was delicious , the wine excellent , as was the brandy served with the coffee . 
look for the highly seasoned italian ham called prosciutto or for westphalian ham . these should be sliced paper thin and served with thin slices of pumpernickel or rye bread . prosciutto is especially good served with fruit , such as melon . 
when you came to 201 there was a hearty welcome , a kind smile , a good dinner , and a jolly shake of the hand from the host and hostess there , just for all the world as if they had been undisputed masters of three or four thousand a year and so they were , not in money , but in produce and labour if they did not pay for the mutton , they had it : if they did not give bullion in exchange for their wine , how should we know ? never was better claret at any man 's table than at honest rawdon 's ; dinners more gay and neatly served . 
roast according to directions for roast leg of lamb. serve this with rice pilaff . 
by constantly monitoring the system , the computer increases desalinization efficiency and may be able to predict system failures , preventing costly breakdowns , mr. fredkin added. at a news conference yesterday , reliable demonstrated a prototype of its desalinization technology by serving water from boston harbor -- one of the nation 's dirtiest -- that the device had processed . 
garnish with chopped parsley . serves 2 to 4 . 
you owe him your loyalty . `` anger bubbled up in amanda and she was on the verge of an explosion when the butler said , `` dinner is served . 
then cover them with dark rum . prepare the creme brulee as above and dot with the rum-soaked chestnuts just before serving . 
let it all cook together for about 10 minutes. serve with chutney , grated coconut , chopped peanuts , chopped hard-cooked egg and raisins soaked in cognac or whiskey . 
wrap in waxed paper and keep in refrigerator ( they mold very easily otherwise ) , or freeze . remove from cold and bring to room temperature before serving . 
a hot and hearty blend indeed ! first : the day before you plan to serve , cover 1 cup pinto beans with cold water and allow to soak overnight . 
what was clear beyond doubt was his strong interest in claire lepeters. on hand to serve up the gourmet meal were four auto-thefters temporarily on probation. midway through the supper , while serving a tray of croissants , one of them slipped claire lepeters a quick goose , trying to make it seem accidental and to blend into the overall festive atmosphere . 
halfway through the cooking , add 3 to 4 fresh tomatoes , peeled , seeded and chopped. serve garnished with chopped parsley and accompanied by rice mixed with chopped ripe olives and chopped pimiento . 
split hamburger buns and toast on the grill. butter and serve a hamburger on each . 
the greek terms would give a new perspective on segregation . restaurants and bars could put up signs saying `` only leucoderms will be served , `` which would look appropriately ridiculous . 
big square rooms , with high ceilings , frescoed in fanciful scenes so old and faded that they were like pictures painted under water . lunch , served in a vine-covered patio , opening on a garden full of flowers and tropical fruit trees . 
when the water level drops in their reservoirs , people are asked to cut down the number of their baths , and give up washing their cars and sprinkling their lawns . restaurants stop serving water with meals . 
they return home beaten without standing up to the challenge and spend the rest of their lives wondering if maybe they should n't have stuck it out . evening chow was being served on the storis , and we happily accepted an invitation to join the crew for dinner . 
garnish each serving with a dollop of sour cream or whipped cream . serves 4 . 
discard bay leaf . stir in the cream just before serving . serves 6 . 
bake at dg375 till set and a knife comes out clean when inserted 1-1/2 inches from center. serve warm , in wedges . 
suggested accompaniment : sauteed eggplant is an excellent contrast for this unusual steak dish. this is a very simple way to serve a large number of people . 
`` what do you hear , deetzer old man , `` foley said. `` i hear they serve a drink here now and then , `` the black man said . 
how can you help ? by serving nutritious wonder enriched bread . 
let it come just to the boiling point but do not boil. when steaming hot pour into the bowls and serve with toasted french bread . 
if you like potatoes browned in the roasting pan with the meat , add them for the last hour of cooking. if not , serve the roast with sauteed potatoes , crisp and brown , and the pan juices , unthickened . 
they want the system destroyed , not repaired , because they have lost faith in the ability of the system to repair itself and in its will to do so . the white man has forever enjoyed the fruit , while the black man has patiently served it . 
if these delicacies were fresh rather than frozen and took only a few minutes to prepare , people might even pay white-tablecloth prices for them. with such reasoning , companies like campbell soup co. , general foods corp. , sara lee corp. and some retailers are rushing to serve up their own `` fresh , refrigerated '' meals . 
our people are rather well off , our infrastructure has been much improved , electricity is sufficient , the roads are smooth. and , '' he inquires , serving coffee in delicate herend porcelain , `` you 've eaten in our restaurants ? '' 
add 1 teaspoon of oregano and several spoonfuls of chopped italian parsley. serve with buttered noodles . 
continue cooking for 1-1/2 hours. remove the ribs to a hot platter and serve the pan juices separately . 
before you take on any entertainment job , see that you are complying with local and federal child labor law regulations . for instance , in some communities you may find that you can not work in an establishment that serves intoxicating beverages if you are under twenty-one years of age . 
if the question jolted miller , there was no sign of it . he stood respectfully , hands at his side , as though about to say `` luncheon is served . `` 
`` i said the patients ' rooms would be segregated , and they will be. as for the other services , how many times do you serve bacon in the recovery room ? 
the food may be the family 's preference in cold snacks , or hot casseroles carried in an insulated picnic case . everyone serves himself . 
select your handsomest bowl , fill it with ripe apples , pears , peaches , plums , grapes any fruit or combination of fruits you choose. provide individual fruit knives so each person can pare and cut his own , and with the fruit serve a fine dessert cheese , such as camembert or brie from france or the italian bel paese . 
this will take about 10 to 15 minutes. drain thoroughly and serve with melted butter , salt and pepper . 
it is cut in serving-size pieces and baked with the skin on . as with the acorn , it is served in the shell , but only the flesh is eaten . 
simmer , uncovered , for 10 minutes. taste for seasoning and serve piping hot. serves 6 . 
garnish with garlic croutons . serves 6 to 8 . 
i called in a band of them and realized i could not trust concepcion to be simon legree. she showed a disturbing tendency to flirt and serve beer . 
tallegio , a rich but mild cheese , also comes from italy . any good well-aged cheese can be served with fruit for dessert or a midday snack or be eaten plain with a cold buffet . 
drain the beans and mix them with the pan juices from the roast. add 1/2 cup of chopped parsley and serve with the meat . 
place under broiler for a moment to brown the cream. serve immediately. serves 6 . 
at the other end , in a small group , the britons . the kentucky cook traditionally served this special meal . 
bake 30 to 40 minutes , until golden brown. serve cold . 
surely no one is expected to take seriously faith ryan whittlesey 's curious , not to say undiplomatic , complaints about the k-rations she is forced to serve her guests in her duties as american ambassador in switzerland ( editorial page , aug. 14 ) . 
chill . before serving , add the cream and diced chicken . this soup may also be served hot , but do not boil after adding the cream . serves 6 . 
continue cooking until the meat and vegetables are tender. serve the ham sliced on a large platter and surrounded with the vegetables . 
this method will take longer about 10 minutes. when the asparagus is done , discard the lettuce , sprinkle the asparagus with salt to taste and serve . 
`` i have a certain amount of respect for it ; at least my stomach does . `` `` i know an almost secret place that serves the best in town . 
`` when they had gone , i turned to the box : two small tomatoes , a package of frozen peas , a quarter of a package of dehydrated potatoes sold for hash-browns , and six eggs . `` dinner is almost served , `` i said and started on the kind of improvised cooking one learns to do when supplies are limited . 
they say today 's bread can be traced back to the last supper. or make `` pulled bread `` as it was made centuries ago and serve it with herb butters and cheese . 
on each plate was a baked potato , frozen green beans , a red pickled apple slice , and a slice of meat loaf which polly had decorated with a catsup bell , squeezed out of a plastic bottle . they also served milk and small rolls ; and for dessert , holiday ice cream and cup cakes . 
they realized that none of their guests had said a single word about the food . indeed , try as they might , they could not themselves remember any of the dishes which had been served . 
so gujarat , it would seem , offers little relief for the drinker. but go into a certain tea shop in ahmadabad , the state 's largest city , order `` one local and one english , '' and the proprietor will serve a cup of indian tea at your table -- and deposit a bottle of whiskey on the back seat of your car . 
the donor of this recipe says she has seen chicken wings boned and stuffed in the same manner. the wing swells up so with stuffing that one will serve one person . 
if you do not mind the peel left on , merely wash the tomatoes well and remove the stem end. slice onto a bed of greens and serve with vinaigrette sauce or mayonnaise . 
stir in the olive oil and simmer for a few more minutes. serve with grated parmesan or romano cheese. serves 6 . 
`` mike here was the first boss i had when i came in from the farm . i did n't know much about serving food to city folks , and i guess i was nervous and clumsy . 
everyone here speaks to you , the stranger as well as the friend. they grow rice , but they serve lots of hominy grits . 
garnish with the reserved mussels and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 4 . 
remove all the skin and trim it neatly ; then return it to the broth to keep warm. serve this tongue with caper-mustard sauce ( capers added to mustard sauce ) , horseradish sauce or bottled beet and horseradish from the grocery or delicatessen. chopped , buttered spinach and boiled potatoes are the vegetables generally served with smoked tongue , and they seem to go better with it than anything else , with the possible exception of beets with sour cream . 
it should only take 2 to 3 minutes at the most. drain at once and serve with plenty of butter . 
put a layer of chopped parsley and chives in the bottom of the baking dish and surround the fish with sliced tomatoes. baste with dry white wine mixed with melted butter , and serve the fish with the sauce from the baking pan . 
at the institute , langston was put into a student dormitory , where all negro guests were housed . but visiting whites were put up in dorothy hall , a modern guest house for whites only , and were served breakfast in bed by the black students . 
khanoum-june was as pleased as a bride with her gas stove , her electric refrigerator , her plastic-tiled floors , pale-blue bathroom , and white telephone. as she bustled about , helping gamal to serve tea , i thought : when she was married she lived in an andarum and was waited on by a eunuch . 
mix well and heap in the melon shell. chill and serve . 
she was flushed. i guessed that she had not been able to serve agajon 's chicken , carrots , and french fries to suit him on short notice . 
he ate mechanically . he drank the wine served with each course , as he listened to the buzz of conversation . 
remove from heat and add the butter , stirring until it is melted and well blended. serve hot , garnished with croutons and chopped parsley. serves 6 to 8 . 
add the spinach and cook over medium heat for about 10 minutes . serves 6 . 
`` sure . `` he served me the drink and then started to read from his list . 
a television screen shows a film of a slightly sleazy diner , and the viewer is asked to touch the screen if he or she is hungry. the screen is touched again to order various items from the menu , with a fat waitress serving up the fare and offering editorial comment. ( press `` dessert , '' for example , and the waitress appears with a tray of gooey treats and says : `` something sweet , sugar ? 
sprinkle with additional grated cheese and run under the broiler flame to melt the cheese and brown lightly. serve with crisp home-fried potatoes , a salad of cucumbers and onions in french dressing and hot french bread. for dessert , serve creme brulee . 
there , in the hall of the slain , valhalla , whose ceiling was of gold and was lighted by drawn swords and not lamps , the warriors battled from daybreak to sunset . then those of them who had been killed were brought back to life , and all shared a divine feast in which they were served the meat of an immortal wild boar and inexhaustible hornfuls of mead . 
be careful not to burn yourself . note ii this is a typical spanish dessert and was served on holidays and important occasions . 
what you have to eat will be determined by when as well as where you intend to eat. try not to serve a heavy dessert , such as ice cream and cake , in the late afternoon . 
it is covered with a cloth until the blessing and prayer which the child recites . the father then slices the bread , everyone is given a piece , and the rest of the meal is then served and enjoyed . 
garnish with croutons or crisp bacon bits . serves 4 to 6 . 
brush each cookie with hot syrup . when completely cooled , store in airtight container three weeks or more before serving . yield : 55 to 60 cookies in addition to the seven ( or more ) sweets and sours , the pennsylvania dutch always serve this pea salad with turkey on thanksgiving and christmas . 
meanwhile , put 8 tablespoons butter in a small saucepan , place it on a very small flame , and when melted , pour it into a small pitcher. serve the `` lost bread `` hot with the melted butter and your favorite honey in a jar. note this is a light dessert , often served with honey , syrup , or fruit sauces . 
perhaps the most controversial exploit so far was the one that came at the expense of the red brick walls of town hall. to set it up , a consortium member first went to the municipality and asked for a permit to serve a communal meal -- a `` faellesspisning '' -- on the sidewalk next to the building . 
he was able to reassure them as to natasha 's condition , but did not feel that he could confide to the spezzis the true cause of her earlier distress . since they were both bursting with curiosity , the atmosphere was uneasy throughout the excellent dinner which was served to the four of them in the long , elegant dining room . 
have a toaster on the buffet table so that each guest can toast his own bun and spoon the meat over it . serves 8 . 
`` i 'll see what i can do , `` said ellen rosenberg . they made plans to meet at an out-of-the-way diner on the edge of the city , one that had warm lighting and served drinks and also delicious , hot , open roast beef sandwiches . 
the dining room was cold , but the food was so delicious that catherine scarcely noticed . edward had prepared a superb peking duck , the crackling skin served first with delicate pancakes , followed by the tender , juicy meat . 
bake in a dg400 oven for 6 to 8 minutes or until cooked through and crisp. serve with cocktails . 
cook until very tender and done and browned on the outside. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with the pan juices , sauteed potatoes and tiny french peas . 
do n't put salad dressing or mayonnaise on the salad , as many children do n't like it. serve it in an extra dish . 
it will press into a firm piece of meat that can be cut into neat , even slices. serve cold boiled beef with potato salad and a hot vegetable , such as string beans with almonds . 
there seems little reason for making your own , but if you wish to , here is the recipe. this amount will serve 4 persons . 
garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
their foals were raised as excellent hunters and saddle horses , and many were the hunt breakfasts in the new dining rooms . the ladies of the manor houses served their best food and wine . 
i was left alone at my lunch in the dining room , one afternoon during the second week of my confinement , when mrs. duncan excused herself , explaining that she had some shopping to do before going to work and would clean up when she returned . i was grateful for the peace , mrs. duncan having developed the habit of hanging about and talking after serving my food . 
it comes ready to eat and is usually sold cut in paper-thin slices . besides being useful in many recipes , prosciutto is a delectable morsel served with fresh fruit for a first course . 
bake in a dg325 oven for about 45 minutes , or until hot and cooked through. serve in thin slices . 
mats slip about too much and look choppy . if the table is in the center of the room , there should be a decoration of some sort in the center of the table , but never so big that it interferes with people 's serving themselves . 
in italy , veal parmigiana is chopped veal , rolled in flour , dipped in egg , then rolled in crumbs and cheese and sauteed in butter . it is served with additional cheese and chopped parsley . 
suddenly , she spied her mother who had , for a surprise , dressed up like a maid with a little white cap and apron . `` nannette , `` she said to her mother , `` we should like to have luncheon served when mr. blake has finished taking pictures . `` 
the hour should be late enough that guests may sleep later than usual , but not so late that they will be kept from other leisure time activities . served buffet-style , a bowl of fresh fruit is both centerpiece and first course . 
cook fine noodles or vermicelli in salted water . add to hot consomme just before serving . 
he lives in london near hampton court by the river thames with his wife and daughter . david eliades was born in london where he spent his early childhood `` serving tea to firemen fighting the fires in the london blitz . `` 
remove the beets , grate , and return to kettle. serve with a spoonful of sour cream in each bowl. serves 6 to 8 . 
the kosher kitchens are now entirely separate units from the other kitchens. from them we serve about a hundred persons at a given time , with menus presented and choice observed so far as we can and stay within the physician 's limitations . 
remove from heat and beat in the cream . may be served hot or cold . 
add 2 cups vegetable stock . salt to taste and add cream before serving . 
cook until the meat thermometer registers dg150 and the vegetables are tender. serve with crisp french or italian bread and an orange , onion and romaine salad . 
blend and heat just to the boiling point. season to taste with salt and serve in a sauceboat with the steak . 
sarma is prepared in nearly all yugoslavian homes for christmas , be they slovenians , croatians , or serbs . if any is left , it is warmed over and served again . 
pour the custard mix into the caramel lining and bake as above. unmold on a plate and serve with a topping of caramel and whipped cream . 
chill the weighted mold overnight or for 24 hours if possible. unmold and serve with whipped cream or custard sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
the jokers , a gang from the east side , leased a loft in one of the warehouses for a speakeasy. prohibition had been repealed long ago , but speakeasies remained to serve the underaged , after hours , and to spike alcohol with drugs . 
mother ! `` mrs. bucket was in the old grandparents ' room , serving them their evening soup . `` 
`` if possible , the first day begins with suckling pig , otherwise , roast pork . just as the soup is served , the father lights the three-pronged candle . 
cook them slowly until they are crisp and brown and thoroughly done. serve with mashed potatoes , braised cabbage and a tomato salad with french dressing . 
continue cooking and brush the skin with the mixture occasionally until the duck has a nice glaze and is done. serve this chinese-style duckling with steamed rice and chinese vegetables , or with small white turnips smothered in butter and sprinkled with toasted sesame seeds . 
gradually stir in the hot soup. serve in heated soup plates , garnished with croutons. serves 4 to 6 . 
meantime , split and toast the buns. serve a stuffed hamburger in each. serves 8 . 
he was dressed in purple and gold , and around his neck he wore a heavy silver chain which julius said was the sign of his kingship . the food was served by the women , who brought in huge platters of steaming hot meat . 
when you turn the pineapple , sprinkle a little brown sugar on the top and finish broiling and glazing. serve with the ham . 
he pressed for a federal indictment against mcgraw for `` willfully possessing a bottle of whiskey `` in violation of the volstead act , and he got it . the lambs , caught in the act of serving drinks in the grill room , promptly expelled mcgraw in righteous indignation . 
garnish with croutons , chopped parsley or a dollop of whipped cream . serves 4 . 
the same three days are set aside for this examination throughout the kingdom . those taking part in the examinations are permitted to write from dawn to sunset , behind locked doors , and they are served with light meals , prepared the day before at public expense . 
and you look to me to 've had enough , `` he added personally for my benefit. it was notice that he would not serve me any more , which i took as intended . 
brush split kidneys with melted butter and english mustard. broil quickly ( see above ) and serve with sauce diable ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
fold half into mixture . add 3 tablespoons sugar to remaining portion and swirl on top of eggnog if served in a bowl or drop by spoonfuls on top of individual cups . 
poach it gently ( do not boil ) until it is translucent. spoon out and serve on toast or serve as a garnish for meat dishes . 
cover pan and cook slowly over low heat for approximately 30 minutes. serve in hot soup plates or bowls , taking care so that each plate has a selection of fish , shrimp , and crab and an even amount of broth. serve with warm , crusty bread . 
my older daughter has broken the tradition by having her cookies baked before the thirteenth , for she is always the lucia bride herself . she dresses in white , wears a candle crown , and serves coffee to her family in bed , letting them taste all of the cookies . 
`` they sat in ernestine 's room until supper time , and then went downstairs together . mother was serving the plates , and dropped peas all over the tablecloth . 
then they would walk around all day half asleep , hungry , and irritable. imagine having to cook and serve three meals a day when you yourself have to abstain . 
drain well. serve with melted butter poured over. serves 4 . 
in front of each person stood a little egg cup . the addisons were camping , but they were having the same meal , served with the same graciousness , as they would have had at home . 
flavor the peaches with grand marnier or cointreau. serve plain or with a custard sauce flavored with grand marnier or cointreau. make shortcake ( page 11 , v1 ) and serve sliced peaches over it sugared to taste . 
china , silver , and linens can all be arranged ahead of time , and the cooked foods take only a short time to prepare . everyone serves himself as he arrives . 
add a drop of green vegetable coloring and stir . spoon over salad before serving . 
heat in 400 degree oven until piping ( about 10 minutes ) . serve on a butter plate with a good pat of butter . 
then she would lie on the couch for weeks and groan about her plaster of paris cast when the ladies ' church circles came to visit her. it was just a scheme to get mother to fix her hair and to get granddad to serve her supper and carry her to bed in the evenings . 
turn the rolls once during the cooking. serve veal birds on buttered rice with apple slices sauteed in butter and glazed with a little sugar sprinkled over them . 
when the shoulder and vegetables are cooked through , brown and bubbly , bring the casserole to the table. serve with horseradish sauce and baked apples . 
and having installed the joint and vegetables on the sideboard the pudding being cold the cook said good night and departed , plainly for home . it was robert who served everything , silently , unobtrusively and attentively . 
season with salt and pepper . stir in the sherry just before serving . serves 4 to 6 . 
then lower heat , cover , and simmer for 1 hour . serves 6 . 
in case you do n't like oyster stew , i give you a recipe at the end for a very easy to prepare , very good soup , all from cans , which you may use as a substitute. on christmas eve in england it 's traditional to serve a wassail bowl , and what could be better to provide for your tree-trimmers ? 
it can be serious , `` sam assured him . `` that hospital not only has the problem of serving the meals hot , but handling them in a way not to offend any patient . 
though come to think of it , she had stayed home most evenings this summer to cook reese 's dinner while amanda was working and she had been nice about it , insisting that amanda need not worry , that she would have to learn to cook sometime , would n't she ? and even reese , not prone to give carol credit for anything , admitted that she was a good cook , that she produced better meals than amanda because she would rather serve steak than hamburger . 
we spent the evening more or less reading , but mostly talking over past new year 's eves and there is a lot to remember when you 've spent so many of them together , with only the break caused by world war ii . i got out the last of the cheese and made toasted sandwiches , served with a flourish and a hitherto concealed bottle of stuffed olives . 
it can be used in a number of fish , meat , poultry and vegetable soups. and if you are planning to serve biscuits or dumplings , try a pinch of crushed rosemary in the batter . 
add another 1/2 cup of white wine and simmer until the veal is tender. serve with rice pilaff . 
`` lift `` rice with large spoon until it is thoroughly warm and butter has been absorbed . serves 4 to 6 . 
some studio insiders complain that mca has shown itself penny-wise and pound-foolish in attacking frills. the company , by mr. sackheim 's account , recently saved about $ 300 a day by eliminating a catering truck that used to serve breakfast to the `` hard copy '' crew . 
for if a child has an inherited tendency to be fat , it will be very difficult for him to later learn to control the bad habit of stuffing himself . the idea that children should be taught to `` clean their plates `` of everything served to them is ridiculous . 
remove the chicken and strain the broth through a linen napkin or towel . the chicken may be served with the broth or reserved for other uses . 
wolf larsen and i , between us , cut off kerfoot 's crushed finger and sewed up the stump. mugridge , who during all the time he had been compelled to cook and serve coffee and keep the fire going had complained of internal pains , now swore that he had a broken rib or two . 
crack the claws with a nutcracker so that the meat will come out easily. serve boiled , hot lobster with plenty of melted butter and lemon wedges. or let it cool and serve it with mayonnaise , green mayonnaise or remoulade sauce ( see salad dressings ) . 
`` i can hardly believe that she is the same girl i found here when i came home in august . she served a well cooked meal , but i was afraid she 'd sour the cream when she looked at it . 
if you are having a light meal , say a sauteed chicken , start with hearty hors d'oeuvre , such as tiny hot biscuits stuffed with foie gras. if you are having a fish dinner , do n't serve fish appetizers. serve something made with vegetables , meat or cheese . 
follow the directions for hashed brown potatoes ( see above ) and just before the potatoes are done , add 1/2 to 3/4 cup of hot cream . let this cook into the potatoes for a minute or so before serving . 
bake in a dg350 oven for about 45 minutes or until the filling is set around the edges , but still a little runny in the center. ( see custard pie , above. ) serve warm or cool , plain or with whipped cream . 
pour the freshly mixed dressing over the greens and toss lightly with a fork and spoon until each piece of green is bathed with oil. serve quickly . 
the owners were justly proud of such buildings . they encouraged visitors who , around 1905 , were inspecting the plant each day in groups of fifty to five hundred , enjoying a conducted tour , complete with tea served in the adjoining clubhouse . 
the recipe was greatly improved when the cow was brought to the new world and milk and butter were added to clam chowder. first : the day before you plan to serve , pick over beans and discard any shriveled or imperfect ones . 
using the dining room does , of course , mean extra work for the housewife . a dinette , breakfast nook , or area in the kitchen itself where family meals can be served at the kitchen table minimizes `` dining room work . `` 
roast this stuffed , boned leg according to the directions for roast leg of lamb ( see above ) . serve with the same bean dish and chopped spinach dressed with butter and a touch of nutmeg . 
an earthenware casserole can perform splendidly as a tureen stand-in . if you wish to make your soup presentation truly resplendent , the tureen may be chosen with a decorative eye toward the type of soup served . 
add vegetables , peppercorns and salt during last hour of cooking . serves 8 . 
prepared as in the recipe below , it makes a festive dish , indeed . one advantage is that the cabbage rolls can be stuffed in advance , then cooked just before serving . 
season with salt and pepper . serves 6 . 
garnish each serving with a twist of lemon peel . serves 6 . 
combine milk and flavoring and beat with a rotary beater , or shake vigorously in a shaker or , easiest and best , whirl in the blender . serves 2 . 
bind with flour and butter . add the milk just before serving and season with salt , chili powder and cumin . 
with fried apple rings : omit the onions and apples. serve with fried apple rings , mashed potatoes , dressed with butter and chopped parsley , and an onion and avocado salad . 
`` there was n't enough for the whole hospital or all the wards. alice was nervous as she watched the nurse on her team serve the first american at tea time . 
garnish with chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
`` so alice talked to him . she explained that many american families , either because of a principle against the use of alcohol , or because they were not accustomed to wine , never served it in the home . 
pour into a fondue pot or small chafing dish . keep warm while serving . 
garnish with a sprinkling of minced parsley and paprika . serves 4 to 6 . 
prepare celery sticks and cucumber slices and place them in separate plastic bags . leave tomatoes whole and slice just before serving . 
for decoration , as well as extra flavor , follow an 1820 suggestion : stick blanched , split almonds all over the pudding and set aflame before bringing to table . serves 8 to 10 . 
in the fifth , a well-known spot on kaiserstrasse , the fine linen had been replaced with paper placemats and the elegant waiters with morose matrons . the distasteful dinner came as a rude shock after the fine food i had been served in marseille . 
bake in a dg375 oven until the custard is set. serve hot with heavy cream . 
garnish with loads of popcorn and a sprinkling of snipped chives . serves 2 to 3 . 
and of all mankind , alive or dead , the class he has least time for are travelling gentry. he would n't serve a drink to a tinker , not if the seat of his trousers was patched with ten pound notes . 
`` right , sir , `` i said . `` do you wish them served sunny-side up ? `` 
my own propensities are most definitely toward a gustatorial outlook . it may be highly `` unscientific , `` but as i see it , ichthyology is splendid but it can be even better served in a sauce and garnished with parsley . 
ms. shepherd fired off letters to the magazine and the national live stock and meat board , blaming her publicist. she says she does eat beef , and a people magazine piece on her recent wedding noted that she served steaks . 
garnish with croutons . serves 4 . 
simmer until the fish flakes when tested with a fork. serve in heated soup plates . 
what soups ! and what an aesthetic experience preparing such a variety of ingredients and then serving them up in celadon bowls with porcelain spoons ( the silver one heat up too fast ! ) 
pour sauce over them. put the stew in a bowl or serve directly from stew pot. serve immediately . 
a wealthy matron hired a new maid just a day before an important dinner party and instructed her carefully on how to wait on table. `` now do remember , mary , always serve from the left and remove the plates from the right . 
the meats are baked or made into balls that are stuffed or sauteed . fish dishes are used as appetizers , baked on an open-face sandwich , or sauteed in balls and served with vegetables and sauces . 
if the soup is too thick , add a little boiling water during cooking . serves 6 . 
variation : sprinkle the slices with grated parmesan cheese just before they finish cooking. soak cold cooked celeriac in vinaigrette sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) and serve on a bed of greens with or without mayonnaise. combine it with other cold cooked vegetables and serve in the same way . 
at each place sat a little doll . the girls were served swedish meat balls , green beans , carrot strips , potato chips , milk , ice cream , and cake . 
season with salt and pepper . add the parsley just before serving . 
if desired , garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 8 to 10 . 
wrap the ones you 're going to use for this party in a damp cloth or napkin , then in aluminum foil , and place in a 200 degree oven to warm. serve as bread with the chili con carne . 
heap on a bed of greens and garnish with hard-cooked egg , raw onion rings and green pepper rings. serve with additional mayonnaise , if you wish . 
bake in greased square pan in 375 degree oven 20 -- 25 minutes. cut in squares to serve. serves 4 . 
most vegetables particularly the non-tuberous ones , those that grow above ground are delicate pieces of plant life . they should be cooked quickly in as little liquid as possible and served up at once while they still have their fresh taste . 
remove hulls. this is an attractive way to serve berries if they are large and perfect . 
balance it carefully on the spit and roast over charcoal or in the rotisserie until the thermometer registers dg145 to dg150 for rare. serve with sauteed potatoes or baked potatoes . 
turn with spatula. serve hot . 
and a very rewarding part of homemaking is planning the right foods for a family . for february i have chosen some easy and inexpensive recipes which my mormor might have served . 
using a mixing spoon in one hand and a fork in the other , mix until the potatoes are well covered with dressing . do not refrigerate remember , this salad is to be served hot . 
pour into a shallow pan and chill until firm. to serve , cut the jellied soup into tiny cubes and pile into chilled bouillon cups . 
put the platter over hot water to keep it hot. serve with lingonberries , jam , syrup , or just sprinkled with sugar . 
remove cover and continue baking for 15 minutes , allowing the top to brown. serve with custard sauce or plain . 
then there is the tiny white onion with the dry skin . this is the choice for boiling and serving as a vegetable . 
find a good butcher who keeps a supply of fresh calf 's liver and will cut it to your order. one pound will serve 2 to 3 persons , or 4 if appetites are modest . 
she closed her eyes , and opened them to daylight . the sun was rising like a torch over the sea , and there was a clink of metal , which indicated that more food was about to be served . 
suggested accompaniments : hot french bread is especially good when dunked in this broth. also serve a good green salad , a dry red wine , fruit and cheese for dessert . 
canned or frozen blueberries can never do as much . this pie is marvelous served perfectly plain , but if you wish , it may be served with sweetened and flavored whipped cream , as for indian pudding ( page 11 ) , or with vanilla ice cream . 
ice cold cheese never has as fine a texture nor as definite a flavor. to enjoy cheese at its best , serve a tray of various types and eat them with a good firm bread or crusty french rolls . 
stir in lemon juice and wine . just before serving , brush slices of french bread with melted garlic butter and toast in the oven . 
cook over moderate heat for 20 minutes , then lower heat and simmer for about 20 to 30 minutes more . serve hot or cold , thickening each serving with a beaten egg yolk or a spoonful of sour cream . serves 6 . 
look for the brightest red stalks ; those that are greenish are older and tougher. a pound will serve 4 persons . 
cut paper-thin slices of cold , cooked corned beef and trim off all the fat. arrange the meat slices on a platter and serve with a selection of mustards , cole slaw , raw onion rings and thinly sliced pickles . 
use any of those recommended for plain omelet and pass it separately. cheese fluffy omelet : serve with a cheese sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
a little pink at the joint will do no harm. serve chicken with degreased pan juices , crisp sauteed potatoes and a good salad . 
footmen threw open a door . `` dinner is served . `` 
she preferred to think of him in that way . she served up the simple dinner and called her men . 
with cream : add 1/2 cup of heavy cream or sour cream and beat it through the mashed rutabaga. with bacon : serve mashed rutabaga sprinkled with bacon bits . 
garnish with grated parmesan cheese , if desired , and chopped fresh parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
nothing had been said about our coming back tonight , but that is angela 's way of drumming up trade , which is slow enough here. they serve an arabic coffee ( her husband is an arab immigrant ) and a mexican brandy , for which they overcharge us outrageously . 
mix together the egg yolks and cream and stir into the hot soup . serves 8 . 
`` foster recommended more use of visual aids and other devices to enliven the classes . `` when they discuss instant coffee in a case , they should have cups of maxim and fresh-brewed coffee served to the class , so the students can compare the two . 
cook over medium heat for 30 minutes . serves 6 to 8 . 
he called the head waiter and complained , not only about the food , but also about his waiter . in great contrast was the old waiter who was serving two middle-aged ladies at the neighboring table . 
one or other of the duke 's quantities of wives would be detailed to prepare a luncheon in her own house , to which all important foreign visitors would be bidden . she would usually serve a `` yam chop `` , a dish of boiled yams and boiled fowls served up with sweet palm oil and pepper , and washed down with mimbo , rum or brandy . 
the dish consists of oriental-style chopped chicken and green beans in an italian-style marinara sauce. it is served over spaghetti , with a delicately shredded japanese cabbage salad , texas toast , and louisiana tabasco sauce -- all for $ 4.75 . 
cover and cook over low heat for 1 hour . add the cream and cottage cheese just before serving . 
pour into a heat-proof serving dish and cool for 6 to 8 hours. when ready to serve , sprinkle the top of the creme with brown sugar and run under the broiler flame for just a minute to glaze the sugar . 
the larger , round , yellow onion , known as the bermuda or spanish onion , is milder , with a rather sweet flavor . this is popular , sliced and broiled , with steak and hamburger , or served raw with sliced tomatoes . 
garnish with a sprinkling of snipped chives . serves 2 to 4 . 
your aunt said it was a memorable day and would be memorable for all eternity . she told about pink birds who crashed against the wind-screens of cars in italy and who when dead were served on toast . 
moe said , `` not at all , monty , come on in. if you do n't mind us cleaning up while you have your dinner , i will serve you right away . 
carry to the table blazing . follow directions for baked bananas ( page 111 ) and blaze the peaches with bourbon just before serving . 
season to taste. stir a raw egg yolk into each batch of scrambled eggs and serve them on a hot platter , kept warm on a hot tray or in a chafing dish or in dishes over hot water. serves 12 . 
grind 1/4 cup peanuts with a nut grinder and sprinkle each portion with 1 teaspoon ground peanuts. important. serve hot . 
these are runny cheeses with a hard outer crust. serve with melba toast or french bread . 
remove chicken meat from bones and return to soup. serve with a bowl of pilau to spoon into the soup. serves 6 . 
during this time , baste the meat once or twice to help coat it with the marvelous gravy . this dish is very good served with red cabbage and potato pancakes . note as mentioned at the beginning of the recipe , this dish is easier to manage if prepared the day before or early on the day it is to be served . 
garnish with slices of egg and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 to 8 . 
in the example used , not . from five to seven-thirty means , very probably , that canapes , and other little delicacies and appetizers , will be served but not a meal . 
put all into a bowl of cold water and refrigerate. when ready to serve , dry on paper toweling and place attractively on a plate or platter with a small dish of seasoned salt in the center for dunking . 
`` sit where you wish , `` said brenda . the guests were served italian spaghetti , lettuce wedges , big round oatmeal cookies , and of course , the apples . 
fresh lemon juice , by the way , should be used liberally on all raw and cooked food . most people get into a rut with vegetables , serving the same ones continually , never taking full advantage of the variety offered . 
constant basting makes a moister loaf. if you serve this meat loaf hot , let it stand on a hot platter for 10 to 15 minutes before you carve it , to settle the juices. it is even more delicious when served just at a temperature between warm and cold , with a salad . it is excellent served in thin slices the next day , and it makes superb sandwiches . 
artichoke as an hors d'oeuvre see page 111 , v4. stuffed mushrooms serve hot stuffed mushrooms , page 111 , v5. serve tiny tomatoes , hollowed out and stuffed with salad a la russe ( page 111 , v4 ) , finely chopped seafood salad or mixed tuna salad ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
favourite everyday dishes are `` jansson 's temptation , `` an anchovy dish , with potatoes and onions , baked in an oven ; pytt-i-panna , a hash of meat and potatoes with a fried egg or preferably two ; swedish meatballs , which also contain onions ; and thick pea soup with chunks of pork swimming in it , traditionally eaten in most swedish homes on thursday . there are numbers of attractive ways of serving up salmon and other fish , and a great array of different sorts of sausage . meat off the bone is extremely expensive ; nowadays , when they can afford it , the swedes tend to serve it in the french way , an improvement on their traditional over-cooking of sliced beef. but the most famous of swedish meals for it is really a whole meal in itself , even if served only as a huge prelude is the smorgasbord . 
the rest were either russians or eastern europeans . vodka was served , and it was n't long after they had arrived that mr. davenport took on the appearance of being drunk . 
california is a veritable garden of eden , and its culinary traditions have come a long way from the time when little cakes were made from the mash of the bitter acorn of the wild california oak . in california , salads are served as a first course . 
taste for seasoning and add more salt and pepper if needed. serve in a salad bowl and garnish with sliced hard-cooked egg , strips of green pepper and sliced stuffed olives . 
when ready to serve , unmold ( it comes out very easily ) and fill the center of the ring with balls of ice cream ( strawberry would be pretty ) or with balls of sherbet in various pastel colors . serves 6 -- 8 . note : the ring becomes very crisp , so it is impossible to slice it to serve . 
if desired , place a pat of butter in each serving bowl before pouring soup . serves 4 to 6 . 
with shrimp : five minutes before the sauce is done , add 1 pound of shelled raw shrimp and 1 teaspoon of tarragon. finish cooking and serve over hot pasta . 
add a few dashes of sherry , if desired. serve at once. serves 4 to 6 . 
deviled beef bones : if a little of the meat is left on the rib bones by the carver , these may be cooked in the same manner as deviled beef slices ( see above ) . serve with sauce diable . 
`` the trouble with premium entrees and dinners is that they are n't really premium , '' contends leo shapiro , a chicago-based marketing consultant. `` they are acceptable only when compared with tv dinners -- in other words , wet dogfood served on a prison plate . '' 
the service-oriented ambiance also makes steep prices -- $ 4.95 for a cheeseburger and fries , for example -- easier to swallow , he says. because women business travelers tend to avoid dark airport bars , host is installing brighter lights and big tv screens in its bars , as well as serving appetizers and sandwiches along with drinks . 
of course , each guest wanted to examine all the place cards before she took her own seat for luncheon . for dessert , laura served petits fours which she had decorated . 
the icing can be decorated with his name and a candle for each year plus `` one to grow on `` for children , or it can be decorated in some other way that makes it extra special . if it is served at a party , the decorations can carry out the theme . 
the french phrase hors d'oeuvre is an idiomatic expression that means something unusual out of the general pattern . as a culinary term it means a side dish , generally served as an appetizer . 
continue cooking until the vegetables are done and the meat is tender. remove the brisket to a hot platter , surround it with the vegetables and serve with sharp horseradish or with mustard sauce. you can serve the broth first as a soup course , if you like , and then follow it with the meat and vegetables . 
simmer 5 minutes. serve on toasted buns . 
rutherford hayes was tongue-lashed by a visitor before guards could grab the man. some visitors , in the early days when tea , coffee and food were served in an adjacent room , flat out ignored the president . 
euell gibbons who is enthusiastic about catnip recommends steeping tea in a tightly covered vessel , as its flavor and aroma are volatile . he serves his tea in a demi-tasse with a slice of lemon after dinner . 
drain the potatoes at once , sprinkle with salt and freshly ground black pepper and put back on the stove over very low heat for a few minutes to dry out and get mealy. serve in their skins with plenty of melted butter . 
cover and cook over low heat for 40 minutes . serves 8 to 10 . 
add nutmeg. serve with chopped hard-cooked eggs and lemon wedges. serves 4 to 6 . 
when ready to use , skim off fat , and reheat. serve with fluffy white rice and crusty french bread . 
you could smell the burning charcoal and hear the mutton sizzle over the fire . there was rice and ewe 's cheese and boiling tea , which was served in a cracked earthen cup that we each took turns drinking from . 
perhaps the child was not mine. if barton bester 's restaurants were mafia-controlled , why did not one of them serve italian food ? 
stir into the stew . serve piping hot in a heated dish with a bowl of the chilled sour cream sprinkled with paprika to spoon over each serving . serves 6 . 
pour over onions , and place tart in a dg375 oven for about 35 minutes or until a knife comes out clean when inserted 1-1/2 inches from center . allow to rest 15 minutes before serving . 
but he also wanted variety , balance , and contrast in each program. when a friend said he thought he overdid his preparation , rubinstein explained , `` you would n't serve a guest veal , beef , and chicken at the same meal . 
and besides , she figures that all i am burning up is my own trees , and youth has to have its fling . she serves us a country dinner , starting with smoked fatback soup and ending with white cheese , that is reminiscent enough of the return home of the prodigal son to break your heart . 
but no imitation of gold would satisfy harun ar rashid , the caliph made famous in the arabian nights . at the feasts in his palace the roasts of duck , turkey , and suckling lamb , laid in beds of saffron rice , were served on dishes of gold and jewels . 
an elderly couple asked carol if she would trade apartments with them because theirs was too big now that their children had gotten married . carol said no. she served no refreshments but nobody seemed to mind . 
do n't put them in salad dressings ; they overpower the delicate greens. serve blue cheese separately with the salad course , if you like . 
slash the crust to let the steam escape. serve it piping hot from the bowl in which it was steamed , and with it serve mashed potatoes and braised brussels sprouts . 
garnish with a sprinkling of snipped dill . serves 6 to 8 . variation : to serve cold , omit the egg yolks. chill the soup and stir in the cream just before serving . 
gently heat through and garnish with croutons . serves 4 to 6 . 
so far , she has purchased a 12-volume leatherbound guide to the motion-picture industry , a bear stuffed with shredded money , a shawl at gucci , an artwork in pewter , cobalt vases and handcrafted toy soldiers. and she is still planning to serve caviar on christmas eve . 
combine with other ingredients , including reserved pork , and simmer until well blended , about 20 minutes. serve as a vegetable with any pork dish , or as luncheon entree . 
`` mercy , `` my mother said at last , `` my nose is shining like a beacon where 's your powder ? `` when my mother had gone down to start serving the dinner , aunt edna put away the ashtrays and began spraying attar of roses around the room . 
both are delicious. one grapefruit of average size will serve 2 persons . 
`` my compliments to our guest , and conduct him to my study. serve his dinner there , and request his permission to receive us in one hour . 
top the chilled soup with mounds of beaten egg whites . serves 4 to 6 . 
`` i believe it is the custom , sir , in decent society , `` said mr crawley , haughtily , `` to call the dish as i have called it `` ; and it was served to us on silver soup-plates by the footmen in the canary coats , with the mouton aux navets . then `` ale and water `` were brought , and served to us young ladies in wine-glasses . 
add milk , cream , and oyster liquor and make very hot , but do not boil. serve with 8 good pats of butter floating on top and a dusting of paprika . 
whip cream with salt until thick ( see page 201 , v2 ) . when serving , top each cup or soup plate with a dollop of whipped cream . serves 6 . 
buy these in packages and heat according to directions on package in their own foil pans. serve wrapped in napkins , in baskets if you have them . 
top with freshly ground black pepper and a sprinkling of chopped parsley . serves 2 to 4 . 
heat. serve steaming hot in demitasse cups as a delightful appetizer. serves 8 . 
when the white is all white and firm the egg is done. remove the eggs with a slotted or perforated spoon , draining them thoroughly before you serve them on toast slices . 
taste for seasoning and add salt if required . before serving , add the reserved whole peas . serves 4 to 6 . 
the rosary finished , annie shooed him off to bed with the excuse that : `` someone has to be fit to rise the morrow . `` she herself stayed up till morning , serving tea in the kitchen to relays of mourners , making the all-night vigil at the wake . 
i was at the house when they got there. miss amma dean had brought ethel up there to serve the drinks and the sandwiches , and she had asked me to stay there to make coffee . 
a crown roast of lamb is a double rack shaped into a crown . it is generally served with mushrooms , sausage or vegetables heaped in the center . 
season with salt . serves 4 to 6 . 
top with whipped cream. serve poached peach halves ( see above ) topped with vanilla ice cream and raspberry syrup . 
place in dg400 f. oven until top is browned. serve from the casserole. serves 4 to 6 . 
food. if your party is held out-of-doors , serve meat sandwiches instead of meat and potatoes . 
gently heat through , but do not let boil . serves 4 to 6 . 
if you have cooked them in the shell , remove shells and clean. serve these shrimp chilled , with mayonnaise , green mayonnaise , remoulade sauce , tartar sauce or vinaigrette sauce ( see salad dressings ) . 
with a strong lead -- the latest wall street journal/nbc news poll shows he has the support of 35 % of his party 's likely voters , with the rev. jesse jackson a distant second with 9 % -- the outsider has the inside track for the nomination. even so , the man who supplemented his father 's income by serving hamburgers at scotti 's drive-in here is in a peculiar position , an insurgent who is forced to run almost as an incumbent . 
bake according to instructions for apple pie ( above ) . serve with heavy cream or whipped cream . 
they are sold by the pint and quart. one quart will serve 4 persons . 
be careful not to let the sauce stick to the pan or burn. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with the stuffed chops. with these fine-tasting stuffed chops serve polenta ( page 111 , v2 ) and zucchini sauteed in olive oil and flavored with garlic and parsley . 
garnish with croutons . serves 4 to 6 . 
he smiled ingratiatingly at mrs. smith , complimented her on her trim appearance , and said , `` i wish my mother would take up golf . `` dessert was served , and jenny 's grandmother suggested , `` you children run along when you 're ready . 
baste frequently with additional butter as the lobster cooks or it will dry out. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with melted butter and lemon wedges . 
another feeling urges me to become a good marine . the third week things were still within bounds until the morning they served powdered eggs in the chow hall . 
variation : omit the chili pepper . just before serving , add 1/4 cup dry sherry . 
garnish with chopped parsley , chives or scallions . serves 4 . 
this rich french dough can be made into the traditional buns with little topknots , or it can be shaped any way you choose. it makes an excellent bread or bun to serve guests at breakfast , luncheon or , toasted , at teas . 
the floating island he eulogized was not the custard dessert we know today , but a very rich beverage . undoubtedly its delicate pink color added much to the pleasure of serving it . 
consider joseph duerr , a los angeles real-estate dealer. he wanted to serve two bottles of dom perignon champagne at a recent barbecue , and he did -- after paying about $ 69 a bottle , 56 % more than a year ago at one liquor store . 
baste them occasionally , and turn them over when they have cooked about 1/2 hour . roast beef is best served plain with the pan juices and perhaps a little horseradish or mustard . 
`` okay , i 'll go , i suppose. i just hope you serve up something substantial before we go , mom . 
when they are hot through and thoroughly browned , they are done. serve plain or garnished with bacon bits and chopped parsley . 
this is not necessary. cook kidneys quickly and serve them rare . 
bake in a dg375 oven for 1/2 hour , basting frequently with the broth or wine in the pan . this can be served as a first course , as a salad course or as a side dish on a cold buffet . 
cool to room temperature , then chill in refrigerator . note originally this old recipe was served perfectly plain , as given . 
the `` smallies `` can join in this pre-dinner gathering so that the family circle will be complete. another interesting variation is to serve the dessert somewhere else ; in the living room , on the patio or terrace , in the playroom , or on the lawn . 
flavor to taste with curry powder and add pieces of cold turkey. heat and serve over rice. with this serve a good chutney , toasted buttered almonds , chopped hard-cooked egg and some crisp tiny green onions . 
the table was loaded with roast suckling pig , chaudin ( stuffed stomach of a young hog ) , baked chickens and ducks , ham , rice dressing , `` store-bought `` bread , country butter , winter vegetables ( no frozen foods in those days ) , and baked sweet potatoes . wine was served , of course , and at the end a demi-tasse of pure black coffee made from home-roasted beans . 
surround it with the pig 's feet , sliced salt pork , sliced loin of pork and sausages. serve with the boiled potatoes . 
heat to a boil . add sherry just before serving . serves 4 to 6 . 
decorate each egg with two bacon slices ( cut in half if you like ) . serve at once. serves 4 . 
he saw the short , fat figure of davis come into the yellow ring of light cast by the battle lantern. `` you may serve out a ration of rum to all hands , mr. davis , including such of the wounded as the doctor may give consent to . '' 
continue stirring and cooking until the sauce is smooth and thick. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with the rolls . 
they took the gourd from me when i handed it to them , and that was all. after they had drunk , they just let it hang there in their hands , and i had to reach and get it so i could serve another one . 
reheat. with sour cream : serve plain baked potatoes with sour cream , salt , freshly ground black pepper and chopped chives ; or scoop out the insides and blend with these ingredients . 
the salmon may provide enough. just before you serve , add a dash of lemon juice . 
it has simply been something he 's always taken for granted. he is used to seeing his family have a glass of wine with dinner and usually , though not always , serve a drink to their guests . 
when they are browned on both sides and almost done , add just enough marsala to cover the meat and let the wine cook down for a few minutes. serve sprinkled with chopped parsley . 
if your party is small and if you wish to give favors for the party , buy something that makes you think of the world , such as : small globe , a handbook of flags of other countries , or if your guests are stamp collectors , a small packet of foreign stamps. refreshments : if you wish to serve guests at a table , you can use the cake as a centerpiece . 
phone 622-7886 4701 westheimer , just off the west loop . sonny look 's sir-loin inn serves the ultimate in texas-size steaks big , thick and cooked the way you like them . 
here , at the ngiu kee department store , cosmetologists demonstrate the new bio line of natural-ingredient makeup put out by kenebo , the japanese cosmetics firm. at the sha na na fast-food shop , `` halal '' food -- food acceptable to orthodox muslims -- is served : halal fish-head curry costs $ 1.28 , while a halal cheeseburger goes for 68 cents . 
clayton kept aunt millie laughing and , amanda hoped , drove out all memory of the comments she had overheard from perry and carol . while clayton cleared the table and amanda served an old-fashioned brown betty , the telephone rang . 
to many of us , fish means only deep-fat fried shrimp or canned tuna . our neglect of fish is a sad state of affairs , for few foods are tastier than fresh fish broiled gently until golden brown and served up with lemon , butter and parsley . 
cover the pot again , turn flame down to low , and continue to simmer for 1/2 hour more . fourth : just before serving , remove 1/2 cup broth to a teacup , add 1/2 tablespoon file , and stir with a teaspoon until smooth . 
arrange the chicken on a hot platter , add a dash or so of lemon juice to the sauce and pour it over the chicken. garnish with chopped parsley and serve with rice or noodles . 
also a favorite dessert soup . serves 4 to 6 . 
when they are done , cool them and then chill in the refrigerator. serve with mayonnaise or vinaigrette sauce ( see salad dressings ) . 
other hams : canned hams , domestic and imported , offer a shortcut in preparation ; they need only be heated through. or serve them cold as they come from the can . 
chef biagi , for one , agrees. he says that he enjoys it , but only if it 's served warm with a glass of milk . 
cover and continue cooking until meat and vegetables are tender . serves 6 . 
allow 3 to 4 apricots per serving. peel and slice apricots and serve them with sugar and heavy cream . 
heat until thickened , but do not let boil . serves 4 to 6 . 
cook until vegetables are tender. serve with a spoonful of sour cream in each soup plate and sprinkle with chopped parsley or dill. serves 4 to 6 . 
taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary . serves 6 to 8 . 
we are doing a sewing project in all classes hoping to complete it before christmas vacation . the 11th and 12th grade prepared cookies and candy served at `` open house `` sponsored by the home ec and craft departments held thursday afternoon , december 5 . members of all classes assisted with the preparation and serving for this event . 
i had never had domestic help in the states simply because we could n't afford it , but in kabul it was a necessity. buying food in the bazaars and preparing it to serve is almost impossible for a western woman . 
if desired , garnish with croutons or sprinkle with grated cheese . serves 4 to 6 . 
a famous after-dinner speaker was invited to appear at a club in a medium-sized city . as he stepped up to the lectern after the dessert had been served , he noticed that the usual pitcher of water and glass were missing . 
they vary greatly. serve slices of melon with lime wedges or lemon wedges , and be sure to have salt available . 
sprinkle with sliced scallions . serves 4 . 
she had arranged to sell two old hens that were past laying , to the proprietor of the hotel . they would be served there for supper one evening to the residents and the visiting commercial travelers . 
bring just to a boil. serve this sauce with the meat . 
season with worcestershire and salt. serve hot or chilled . 
gray , flabby , cold lamb is thoroughly unappetizing. be sure you always serve hot lamb on hot , hot platters or plates . 
`` go out to the shed , `` he says , `` and see what damage the coffin has suffered since it left the premises . `` i finished serving a round of drinks and when i got out to the shed the feeneys had brought in the coffin . 
suggested accompaniments : baked potato dressed with butter , chopped parsley and crumbled bacon. rib steaks vary in size ; a small one will serve one person and a large one will serve two . 
give them about 3 to 4 minutes on the second side. serve with the sauces from the broiling pan poured over them . 
sprinkle with snipped fresh dill . serves 4 to 6 . 
it has proven to be quite helpful to the kids and challenging to those helping them . mrs. swank 's senior class has been working on casseroles and menu planning which will help them with their senior dinners which are being served around christmas . 
over the years , the gottis have prospered by maintaining quality in food , wine and service. chefs may have come and gone , but the diners have kept coming back for such menu items as grilled lobster , basted with sea urchin coral butter and served with a potato puree creamed with virgin olive oil , at $ 28 a portion . 
july 4th place a tiny flag , stuck in a red gumdrop , at each place. serve flaming peaches : put a lump of sugar , soaked in lemon extract , inside each canned peach half and light it . 
if the ads continue , said a spokesman for new york attorney general robert abrams , `` we 'll consider legal action. '' he added , `` the fact is that food served by mcdonald 's should be consumed only in moderation . '' 
the press is screaming for dowling 's head . served up with an apple in his mouth . 
add the rice , if desired , butter and chayote pieces and simmer for about 5 minutes more. discard garlic and serve at once. serves 6 to 8 . 
spread on thin , finger-shaped slices of firm bread or toast and top with very thin slices of tiny white onion. serve open-faced or top with another slice of the bread lightly buttered . 
it is a delicious seasoning for all three. also serve sauteed or baked onions , mashed yellow turnips , or brussels sprouts . 
season with salt , pepper and herbs . serves 4 . 
yes , sir . `` ruby invited her guests into the inner office and served bourbon and coke . 
he would have answered to a question , those blind eyes blinking : `` my name is michael panyotis and i sing the glory of greece ! `` luncheon was served . 
stir carefully to combine ingredients. be sure this is well heated through and serve hot . 
divide the won ton among 6 soup plates and fill with the hot soup . serves 6 . 
with the engines off , there was no electricity . the stewardesses served a few cold leftovers from the galley , holding their trays in one hand , flashlights in the other . 
a rich sauternes or tokay or strong-tasting german wine can be a perfect culmination to a meal with wine , but even the finest vintage port will not taste its best after such wines . there are other exceptions to the main rule of serving dry before sweet . when rich dishes such as foie gras , already mentioned , or smoked salmon are served at the beginning of a meal , dry wines may be considered a less suitable accompaniment than sweet wines . 
pour this over the kidneys and rice , and garnish with chopped parsley. serve with crisp toasted bread and a beet and egg salad on a bed or romaine . 
he began her education. he taught her not to serve spaghetti because it was messy to eat and made it seem as if they could not afford to pay a butcher . 
cooked crabmeat , picked from the shell , is also available in the pacific coast region , and this is the most common way to sell crab in the east . one pound serves 4 persons . 
`` they 'll bend over backwards to make sure principal is n't lost. '' guardians face a tough time accounting for `` every glass of milk and one-quarter of the potatoes you serve at dinner , '' says mr. norden , the new york lawyer . 
slowly braise the carrots until they are tender . drain and add to the hot consomme just before serving . 
when you use a timer well , it keeps the whole situation under control for you. do n't forget that it 's exceedingly important to serve hot food on hot plates and cold food on cold plates . 
they had approached in the night , but had made no move to attack . the crew served breakfast brought by the guerrillas : flat arabian bread , sheep cheese , hard-boiled eggs and tea . 
part of this is the strength of what might most generously be called traditional italian carefulness. with the common market , a river of butter could flow down to italy from france , germany or holland , but italians still often serve bread and rolls without butter . 
try grand marnier , kirsch , cognac , cointreau or benedictine. serve melon slices ( honeydew or casaba are best ) topped with a scoop of lemon or lime ice . 
make a stay-put paste of prepared mustard , quince jam , powdered clove , dill seeds and dill weeds and cornmeal to spread on a small ham before it goes into the oven. join apples and caraway serve little side dishes of caraway seeds with baked apples . 
just before done add a dash or two of wine vinegar. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve hot or cold as a relish with broiled meats . 
add soy sauce and pepper and bring to a boil. remove from heat and serve piping hot. serves 4 . 
merewether was tempted for a moment to make some sort of maudlin speech about departed shipmates , then decided the truest appreciation of jackson would be shown by an issue of rum. `` mr. davis , you may serve out a ration of spirits to all hands . 
chill thoroughly. serve with a spoonful of sour cream in each portion . 
there we sat on the ground with the bedouin men and accepted coffee scented with pungent cardamom , and sweet tea. the man named omir smiled and said : `` we serve the coffee first , and then the tea , because life is mostly bitter , a little sweet . '' 
ike , the bald , round-faced owner , bartender , chef and bouncer combined , looked at clay-boy with surprise and displeasure. `` you know i ca n't serve you , clay-boy , '' complained ike . 
if the vote is close , we might have helped put our side over . `` at six o'clock the women served dinner to the refugees . 
pour this over the cooked , drained cauliflower and season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. cauliflower hollandaise : serve hot cauliflower with hollandaise sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
add 2 tablespoons of the soup liquid . just before serving , divide this mixture among the bowls of hot soup and sprinkle with grated cheese . serves 6 . 
some guests may like espresso , others the usual demi-tasse. this is usually an adult get-together , but until it is time to say goodnight , the children might greet the guests , serve the coffee , or replenish supplies on the buffet table . 
remove from oven with two pot holders. serve very hot . 
slowly stir into remaining soup . serves 4 . 
add the remaining ingredients and continue simmering for about 30 minutes . serves 4 to 6 . 
season with salt and pepper and add cayenne . serves 6 . 
stand the roll of cookies on edge on a plate or small platter as you do this and finish by spreading whipped cream over the roll thus made . place in the refrigerator for at least four hours before serving . cut the roll for serving at an angle so that each slice consists of stripes of cream and ginger . serves 4 -- 6 . 
this can be done after the roast is removed from the oven and while it is standing to let the juices settle. serve the pudding cut in squares . 
but later he has a fine chance , after he is born , to get even with her. just when she most wishes the new baby would stay asleep and be quiet so that she can be free to serve supper to the rest of the family , the baby awakes . 
in my opinion , this is the most delicious cut of pork and the most versatile . just the thought of spareribs , broiled over charcoal or in the broiler and served with a pungent sauce makes me ravenously hungry . 
people had to get rid of them somehow. well into the new year , they were served in every conceivable form to aspiring priests , nuns and brothers who , under the then strict and unquestionable rule of obedience , had no choice but to eat them . 
enter the room where the party is being held calling , `` sandwiches , ice cold drinks ! `` for dessert serve ice-cream bars and cup cakes , with candy clown faces in the icing . 
garnish with olives , pimientos , tomato quarters , stuffed eggs or any cold food you choose. serve with mayonnaise . 
i 'll make sure he goes , `` said mitrah , picking up her handbag and following him out . she gave him his advance and more besides and hid him in the garage for supper had not yet been served . 
it was too early to actually meet them so once they got to their destination , a friendly little community on the outskirts of the city , lepeters and ellen rosenberg took up a position behind a hedge , the one where an old man had once jumped out and traumatically snapped her panties . peering out in the moonlight , lepeters first saw an elderly gentleman relaxing in a reclining chair while a stocky woman served him what appeared to be bowls of stew . 
she was a thin , laconic woman with black , cold eyes who never said a word to me without trembling slightly . today she served my food with a shy and sympathetic smile . 
voracious throughout youth , it demands and gets food almost constantly . parents hunt most of the day for large insects , frogs , reptiles , and even the young of smaller birds , which they pluck as naked as supermarket chickens before serving . 
classes are held in cabins which duplicate the interiors of all aircraft used by the airline. here trainees serve complete meals in practice sessions that are videotaped for subsequent step-by-step review . 
garnish with thin lemon slices sprinkled with chopped fresh parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
during the day , bedrolls are stored on a shelf located near the ceiling along one side of the tiny room . at mealtimes the family will sit around a common piece of meat served on a plank , and each diner will whittle off chunks to suit his individual taste . 
next to getting your own breakfast , sunday brunch is the easiest meal you can prepare . it 's served late enough in the morning to give you plenty of relaxed preparation time . 
if soup is too thick , add a little more beef stock. add parsley and serve. serves 6 to 8 . 
slice the meat and chicken . arrange on serving platter along with the garbanzos and other ingredients , and serve as the main course . serves 4 to 6 . 
about 1-1/4 hours before the casserole is done , put 4 baking potatoes , well scrubbed and greased , in the oven to cook. serve this pork and sauerkraut casserole with the baked potatoes , some pungent pickles and a light , pleasant dessert , such as creme brulee . 
prepare boiled asparagus and let it cool. chill in the refrigerator and serve with mayonnaise . 
murree brewery co. serves some of the tastiest beer in asia , but it has a problem : the government of pakistan threatens to flog its customers . 
if desired , garnish each serving with cheese croutons . serves 6 to 8 . 
simmer for 15 minutes or until the kidney slices are tender. serve with boiled potatoes . 
salt to taste , rinse the pan with 1/3 cup cognac and pour over the steaks. serve with crisp sauteed potatoes. with mushrooms : prepare the hamburgers as above and serve heaped with mushrooms sauteed in butter and seasoned with salt and pepper , chopped chives and chopped parsley . 
refrigerate overnight , or for day or two. unmold and serve with shredded horseradish mixed with sour cream and seasoned to taste . 
variation : use half strawberries and half rhubarb. strawberries , bright red and dripping with juice , are wonderful any way you serve them . 
razor clams : dip shucked , cleaned razor clams in egg , then in crumbs , and brown in butter on both sides. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with lemon wedges . 
also a splendid dessert soup . serves 6 . 
your main course is what is known as a `` short order `` one it has to be finished off at the last minute. therefore it is much easier for you to serve the fruit as dessert in this instance . 
add the dressing to the lettuce greens and toss together until everything is well moistened. serve on individual salad plates . 
chill. serve with an ice cube in each soup plate. serves 10 to 12 . 
the table was centered with a valentine tree ( page 46 ) and each place was marked with a valentine nut-cup place card . jane served strawberry flavored fruit gelatine , crowned with whipped cream , heart-shaped sandwiches , heart decorated cake , and ice cream . 
every class except the kindergarten class made christmas cookies , apple sauce , and bread pudding. the children hope to make cakes , and even prepare and serve a meal . 
we had some customers call and say they had stopped visiting us because they did not want to support a gun runner. '' on valentine 's day , the restaurant served its last enchilada . 
this should take not more than about 2 minutes to a side , otherwise the fish will be dry and overcooked. serve at once on a hot platter with lemon wedges and parsley sprigs. serves 4 . 
with curry sauce : make a cream curry sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) and fold the crabmeat into the sauce with 1/2 cup of chopped toasted almonds. serve on rice and accompany with a good chutney . 
`` why , dylan , `` sybilla said , gripping his hand , `` i did n't know you felt like that . `` `` dinner , `` announced the hostess , making a mock curtsy like a theatrical maid , `` is served . `` 
season with salt and pepper to taste. remove meatballs from the oven , pour gravy over them , and serve. serve very hot with boiled potatoes , cucumber salad ( page 111 ) , and lingonberries . 
add parsley , salt , pepper and nutmeg . serves 4 to 6 . 
when jay and i were ushered into our room and found comfortable beds with light-blue sheets , with a proper toilet just down the corridor , although you did have to leap over a few tree limbs to get there , i was even surer that this was a tourist trap , however world-known . the hostess put her head inside our door to invite , `` tea is being served on the roof . 
stir in cooked wheat with ground poppy seeds. serve cold topped with chopped nuts . 
cover again and continue simmering until the vegetables are tender and the meat is done. serve as you do braised beef , bordeaux fashion ( see page 232 ) . cold braised beef , a la mode : to serve the above dish cold , remove the meat from the broth when it is done and trim off the ragged edges and excess fat . 
season to taste with salt , freshly ground black pepper and paprika. remove them to hot plates and serve with lemon quarters , broiled tomatoes and spaghetti dressed with butter and grated cheese . 
at the raffles hotel , the management perfected a blackout for its large ballroom , and the orchestra provided music for dancing from eight to midnight . the swimming club remained a popular center , and food was still served on its broad veranda . 
with these interpreters , the captain and the mate made their way to the town of sonho , where they were kept waiting in the usual way . they were received by the king , to whom they presented six yards of chintz , in return for which he had a chicken killed and served up on a dirty pewter platter . 
food-stamp and other food and nutrition programs for which congress appropriated $ 19.7 billion in the current year , would be cut only slightly. cuts would be accomplished mostly by a new attempt to eliminate federal subsidies for meals served to school children from families whose incomes are well above the poverty level . 
stir in heavy cream , and cook for 2 to 3 minutes. serve with rice or fried toast . 
please do n't take the time to change. `` when catherine got to the table , than was explaining to kent that edward had decided it was too late to serve the meal he had planned . 
food. if you are having an evening party , serve only the jack-o'-lantern sandwiches , witches ' brew , and the doughnuts from the centerpiece. serve buffet style . 
chill . garnish each serving with a dollop of whipped cream and a sprinkling of grated lemon rind . serves 4 to 6 . 
cook as above. holstein : serve the scallops with a ring of anchovy and a fried egg on top of each one. with this scallop dish serve crisp fried potatoes and braised cabbage . 
the whole period was a dim phase for me , lit with brief flashes of insight into incidentals that did not personally concern me . i went about the trivial business of the day , planned meals , shopped for and prepared them , served them and saw to their clearing away . 
`` we sailed from kiel at 1400 . the farewell party had been brief , and the traditional last dinner was a mere shadow of the lucullan meals that had been served on such occasions in the past . 
los angeles times one hot afternoon little peter was having a party to celebrate his fourth birthday . his mother served ice-cold lemonade and cookies . 
then add the sliced ripe olives , the capers and the chopped parsley. serve this tongue in tomato sauce with crusty sauteed potatoes and pureed spinach dressed with plenty of butter . 
run under the broiler flame for a few minutes to melt the sugar. serve while very hot . 
party stew : brown 1/2 pound of mushrooms with the meat and use red wine for half of the liquid. serve with plenty of chopped green parsley heaped on top . 
few passengers will be unfortunate enough to see how a flight attendant can evacuate a planeload of passengers in 90 seconds. but air travelers ' impressions of an airline hinge in large part on the cabin crew 's ability to serve food and drink with efficiency and aplomb . 
the gold-mines index fell 5.1 , to 324.7. brewers soared early in the day on news that restaurants will be allowed to serve alcohol all afternoon . 
remove the apricots and cook the liquid down a bit. pour it over the fruit and serve warm or cold. you may serve this with whipped cream or a custard sauce , if you wish . 
the fish is done when it flakes easily. remove the cooked fish , foil and all , to a platter and serve with parsley butter , lemon butter or hollandaise sauce ( see sauces ) . 
season with salt and pepper. serve garnished with croutons. serves 4 to 6 . 
garnish with fresh strawberry slices . serves 6 to 8 . 
since so much of life is spent outdoors at christmastime , turkey cooked japanese style , teriyaki , over a pit or barbecue , has become a leading favorite . `` it is very good sliced and served in buns , `` reports the wife of a hawaiian senator . 
fourteen inches of snow , roads closed , no planes leaving kennedy ... he had one terrible time getting to a phone to call carole . he told her , `` they are showing movies , and serving meals in some of the stranded planes . 
the schmoll family and claude 's parents were sitting in the dining room . coffee had been served . 
sparkling wines can generally go through any meal . rose wines aso fit in with most dishes , but since they are generally served cold , go best with light meals and salads . 
drain them well , season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and pour melted butter over them. creamed : serve with a rich cream sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
in some cases your parents must get tickets in advance , and they must always plan for transportation. sometimes you can serve refreshments at home , before the show or game , especially if you have reserved seats . 
when you know you 're going to use it for dessert , put a jar in the refrigerator in the morning to be sure it will be nice and cold at dinner time. if your family likes it that way , serve light cream or half-and-half to pour over it . 
pour the vinaigrette sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) over them and let them stand for 1 or 2 hours ; turn the beans frequently to be sure they are thoroughly bathed in the sauce. serve with mayonnaise . 
taste for seasoning and add salt if necessary . serves 6 . 
broil about 3/4 of an hour , turning once. serve rare . 
be sure to turn off the heat , because further cooking will toughen the clams . just before serving , add 4 tablespoons butter and the hot milk-cream . 
t-bone : this is actually a porterhouse cut from the small end of the loin. being not as large around , it is a good choice if you wish to serve individual steaks . 
a 1-inch-thick hamburger would take about 6 minutes on each side , for rare. serve hamburger patties with crisp fried potatoes , potato chips , sliced beefsteak tomatoes or sliced onion. they make ideal indoor or outdoor food and are delicious served with cold beer . 
garnish with duxelles or sliced cooked mushrooms. serve cut in wedges . 
the rates are as follows : one in a room , $ 8^50 , two in a room , $ 12^50 , three in a room , $ 5^00 each . the banquet dinner will be served at noon , thursday , which will close the conference . 
turn often to be sure all the stalks are well bathed. let them soak for 2 hours , then drain and serve with mayonnaise . 
remove from the oven with two pot holders. serve at once on individual plates ( a doily under each shell will keep them from sliding on the plates ) . serve with lemon wedges and buttered toast , cut diagonally across . 
`` we should all eat , `` fernando said . `` pilar , what passes that we are not served ? `` 
since then , prices in the cafe have gone up , but the clientele does not change . finally a sign appears in the window : `` we 're not rascist , but we are no longer serving blacks . `` 
and yet i had a half-lingering terror that she might not be dead after all , but re-arisen in the body of some descendant . felipe served my meals in my own apartment ; and his resemblance to the portrait haunted me . 
garnish with croutons and minced parsley . serves 4 . 
allow 1 per person and grill according to the timetable above. serve with stuffed baked potatoes and cole slaw . 
serbians and armenians like to add a sauce of yoghurt and mashed garlic . this is spread on top of the sarma when it is served . serves 8 to 10 . 
continue cooking for another 5 minutes , but do not let boil . serves 4 to 6 . 
set the cups on cookie sheet and slip under broiler for a moment to brown the cream and cheese . serves 6 . 
when the repast was concluded , a jug of hot water was placed before sir pitt , with a case-bottle containing , i believe , rum . mr horrocks served myself and my pupils with three little glasses of wine , and a bumper was poured out for my lady . 
they were also favorites of the italians and mexicans and may be prepared in various ways . a delicious way of serving dried figs is as follows : put 1 pound of dried figs in a pot with 1 tablespoon strained lemon juice and water just to cover . 
a similar horse prejudice is more local to the united states , but still powerful . the harvard faculty club started serving horse steaks during the second world war , and as far as i know still serves them on certain days . 
see suggestions under cheese hors d'oeuvre , page 11 , and caviar , page 11. serve any of the vegetables a la grecque suggested in the salad chapter , page 111 , v4. serve on thin slices of bread with mayonnaise , or serve on individual plates . 
continue cooking until the meat and fowl are tender ; this will take about 1 more hour . one half hour before serving add potatoes with their skins left on , a quartered head of cabbage and 6 carrots . 
add rice and dumplings and heat only long enough to warm both sufficiently. to serve , sprinkle with parsley. serves 10 to 12 as main course . 
twice since the accident , he 'd felt it expedient to accept her invitation for `` a chat at my little place . `` in her basement apartment , with steampipes knocking and gurgling overhead , she 'd served him tea in a cup of heirloom china . 
on the farms and in the country food was plentiful , if limited in variety , but in the cities the upper strata of society never spared the local chefs when entertaining governors , traveling dignitaries , or military heroes . some of the dishes served sound bizarre today , but it would have been a strange man indeed who could not have found something to his liking in the menus of the day . 
slip dish into dg350 oven for 1 hour ; turn chicken occasionally. serve with rice . 
when dining in a restaurant where the host has no personal knowledge of the wines it is safest to rely on the following rules in consultation with the wine butler. serve dry wine ( red or white ) before an obviously sweet wine. other things being equal , serve a white wine before a red , because its appeal is more direct and it prepares the palate for the more subtle flavour of the red wine to follow . 
season to taste with salt and pepper and sprinkle with chopped parsley. serve with lemon wedges . 
place in a covered casserole . if to be served almost at once , keep warm in a 350 degree oven . 
the fare at amritsar , though suitably humble , was abundant. sikh sewadars helpers carried tons of wheat , potatoes , cereal , and halwa a sweet from huge iron caldrons to serve all comers on leaf plates . 
if from casserole , let initial steam die down. then put huge globs of sour cream over all and serve. ( do not put on cream until all heating is completed , as cream will melt . ) 
add 1/2 pound of mushrooms sauteed in butter. serve this creamed chicken over biscuit ( page 11 , v1 ) or cornbread made from a mix . 
mix with 3 tablespoons of chopped green pepper , 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley , 3 tablespoons of chopped chives and french dressing. serve in a large bowl lined with romaine . 
they were tired when they returned to the school , with no energy left to do anything about their personal problems . when sharon had served him his late supper , she sat down beside him and talked with him while he ate . 
try them with a good sauce , and i 'm sure you 'll be delightfully surprised. one veal kidney will serve one person . 
under the eye of a nursing sister , plump infants were being stuffed chockablock with scrambled eggs and tomato , followed by pineapple and custard , plus a mug of milk . two other meals of these dimensions are served every day , with meat at one of them at least ; no wonder the babies are as podgy as little bears . 
this is a very thick soup . serve with grated cheese to be sprinkled on each serving . serves 8 . 
season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper. serve these sauteed peppers with steak or other broiled meats . 
who was the blundering idiot who said that `` fine words butter no parsnips `` ? half the parsnips of society are served and rendered palatable with no other sauce . 
when the meat reaches dg150 , remove it to a hot platter and surround it with mounds of cooked spinach. serve with mashed potatoes and the following caper sauce : caper sauce : melt 3 tablespoons of butter and blend in three tablespoons of flour . 
put a few avocado slices in each soup plate before filling with hot soup . serves 4 to 6 . 
add 3 green peppers cut in strips and 1 cup of pitted ripe olives. serve with garlic bread and a salad of avocado , orange and onion slices . 
among the favorite soups are chicken corn soup with noodles ( `` plenty of stuff `` ) , rivel soup , and pretzel soup ( otherwise known as shdreis'l soup ) . the directions for this last one call for heating a bowl of milk for each person to be served , adding a small lump of butter , and serving . 
`` yes , miss beauchamp ? `` `` first of all , than , mr. kent would like cocktails served in the living room again this evening . `` 
the whisky a go go , once an important center for west coast rock and one of the few places on the strip to survive this legal maneuver , tried several solutions , in series . first , it continued serving liquor and put minors on benches in the balcony , but the young customers , who wanted to dance , went elsewhere . then it stopped serving liquor and raised its admission price from two dollars to three ; the minors came back , but the attractive liquor profits were lost . 
add a little sugar to give them a nice brown glaze. serve this pot au feu in the french manner in large soup plates , giving each person some broth , meat , vegetables and onions . 
peel off the shell ( it comes off easily ) , rinse off the grit and with a sharp-pointed knife remove the black vein down the back. if you plan to serve the shrimp as appetizers to be eaten with the fingers , leave on the tails . 
bring to the table blazing. serve poached apricots ( see above ) with any of the suggested flavorings , or serve plain over vanilla ice cream . 
then break them into bowls , add a good dab of butter and let each person season his own to taste. or you can serve them english fashion in egg cups , the large end up . 
run under the broiler flame to melt the cheese and brown lightly. celeriac hollandaise : serve cooked celeriac with hollandaise sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
hastily you survey the pieces getting ready to extricate the biggest for yourself. at that moment some smiling grownup says sweetly , `` remember , you always serve your guests first , and you give the biggest pieces to them . 
when the housewife buys it , all that remains for her to do is pop it back into the oven again for a few minutes and , presto ! a steaming hot turkey dinner is ready for the table . each tv dinner serves only one person , of course . 
could she `` whip up `` something for them ? mrs. crawshaw decided to serve her favorite dish , a sure-fire chicken recipe handed down from her grandmother. the only problem was that the recipe she usually used served eight , and tonight she would be feeding eleven . 
garnish each serving with a dollop of whipped cream and 2 or 3 tiny mint leaves . serves 2 to 4 . 
you will let the old shanty go to rot , the white people 's clothes turn to dust , and the calvary baptist church sink to the bottomless pit . you will spend your days forgetting you married me and your nights hunting the warm gin mike serves the ladies in the rear of the last chance saloon . 
brussels sprouts have been maligned by people who have only encountered them cooked to a gray mush. cook them until just tender and serve them up still bright green . 
you may thicken the sauce with a few tablespoons of tomato paste , or , if you prefer , add small balls of butter and flour mixed together ( see instructions under beurre manie , page 111 ) . just before serving , add the chutney . 
garnish with chopped parsley and crumbled crisp bacon . serves 4 . 
roast sheep , pigeons and fowls were piled on the dishes to the height of a man , and , as in fatimid times , the tables were adorned with fantastic sculpture in sugar . singers and dancers entertained the guests , and wine was served in plenty . 
mix remaining ingredients , adding mayonnaise and seasoning to taste . serves 8 to 10 . 
and yet the service on board was not what customers expect today on long flights . the quality of the meals and the way they were served was quite modest , especially on the stages of the journey that began in moscow . 
sybilla , cheered by the quick arrival of a loaded dinner plate , was successfully silenced for the next twenty minutes . `` why mr. montmorency , `` jenny 's mother said as she served him , `` you 've hurt your hand . `` 
cook until hot through and mellow . add the dash of lemon juice just before serving . 1 . 
`` pray tell sir timothy that i am very much obliged to him , and will join him directly ! `` pennymore bowed , and said : `` sir timothy 's dinner will be served immediately , miss . 
and cold , clear borsch makes a refreshing summer cooler in tall glass tumblers , garnished with a sprig of dill , with a lemon slice perched on the rim . i even know one hostess who serves hot bouillon from her samovar ! 
this can be one of the most enjoyable times of the day for everyone , not just an annoying interruption to a television program . the mother , to whom dinnertime can come to be only a burdensome chore of preparing , serving , and cleaning up afterwards , should try to relax as well and enjoy her food and family . 
melt 2 tablespoons of butter in a skillet and add 4 tablespoons of heavy cream. blend the chopped spinach into this mixture , season to taste with salt and pepper and serve . 
garnish with almonds , green apple or mint . serves 3 to 4 . 
if desired , garnish with crisp buttery croutons . serves 4 to 6 . 
`` but that 's thanksgiving . `` `` i believe dinner will be served and there 's a staff party for that evening . 
baked piragi may be frozen and reheated quite satisfactorily . yield : approximately 2 dozen large rolls one dish likely to be served at latvian holiday parties is galerts , cold jellied pork . 
with olives : follow the first recipe and 15 minutes before the meat is done add 1-1/2 cups of small spanish olives. garnish the shoulder with the olives and serve the strained sauce , thickened or not , separately . 
if desired , garnish with chopped fresh parsley . serves 4 . 
then cook the vegetables separately. serve mustard sauce for the meat and plenty of butter for the vegetables . 
when done , remove from fire and add flavoring . this sauce can be made quickly just before serving cake ; or , it can be made in advance , removed from water and covered , then very carefully reheated for serving . serves 8 or more . 
season to taste with salt and pepper . serves 4 to 6 . 
as a rule , boys and girls care more about winning that they do about prizes. take into consideration your home and your family when you plan what to serve for refreshments , where to serve , and how to serve . 
abdul loved parties . he was very status-conscious , and the dishes he served depended strictly on the rank of the guests . 
this should take about 15 minutes. discard the lettuce , season the peas with salt and pepper and serve piping hot . 
he was leaving sometime the next day for america , after a long sojourn in africa . madame sine , wife of the french cartoonist in whose home we were shooting , served tea at 4:00 a.m . 
stir in 1/2 cup milk and heat until thoroughly warmed , but do not boil . this should be served immediately , so bread cubes retain most of their crispness . 
ducks are easier to carve by cutting them into halves or quarters with poultry shears ; they do not slice well. serve each person a half or quarter and with it , rice , wild rice or barley . 
so they went off in another direction . different nationalities disagree on how kutya should look , and how it should be served . 
jim gerrard cocktails ? texas liquor laws prohibit the serving of mixed drinks except in private clubs . 
i belong to the professional club that 's only two blocks away. they serve a very good pot roast on monday . 
pour into individual dishes. serve cold . 
however , it is so delicate when made with vegetable stock that we recommend it . amount given serves 8 to 10 . 
drain on a paper towel and place in a baking pan in a dg200 oven until the toast is ready. then serve with the toast.trim the crusts from bread , allowing at least two slices per person . 
afterwards , pictures were taken of the king and queen , the court , and the seniors . after the coronation , live musical entertainment was provided while refreshments , consisting of punch , cookies , mints , and nuts , were served to everyone . 
garnish with croutons . serves 6 . 
with herbs and cream : just before the mushrooms are done , add 1 tablespoon of chopped parsley , 1 tablespoon of chopped chives ( or tops of green onion ) and 1/4 cup of heavy cream. heat through , season to taste and serve on buttered toast . 
stir in the bread crumbs and season to taste with salt and pepper. serve from the casserole. serves 4 to 6 . 
sprinkle with parsley . serves 6 . 
stir into the soup and continue stirring until the eggs are set . serves 6 to 8 . 
remove the meat to a hot platter , add 1 cup of the marinade to the pan and bring it to a boil. serve this sauce with the roast , and with it also serve sauteed potatoes , buttered turnips mixed with sauteed mushrooms , watercress and a good red wine . 
arthur wise , a rand corp. expert , says principals ' turf fears are unfounded ; he says they have too many duties as it is. the checkoff : managers at lawson products inc. , des plaines , ill. , will serve a catered lunch to 350 headquarters employees on may 1 to express appreciation of their efforts throughout the year. . . . 
so some of the big ones are unexpected establishments in some unlikely places : in detroit , joe muer 's , a seafood place , and the london chop house , specializing in continental cuisine . in milwaukee , two german eateries , mader 's and karl ratzsch 's , and a hybrid , frenchy 's , serving steak and seafood . 
but your big question there is : did the students want that of him ? would n't they have come to his house , and no beer served ? 
at their best , they are ripe , aged and have a sharp tang . they can be served plain or spread on toast fingers , or made into sandwiches with raw onion slices . 
remove from the oven and let cool. then serve . 
cook beans according to package directions . when drained , put back into the pot in which they were cooked with a good hunk of butter and sizzle briefly before serving . serves 4 -- 6 . 
line the broiler pan with foil and place it under the rack to catch the drippings. serve broiled whole fish with parsley butter and lemon wedges . 
garnish with a sprinkling of snipped chives . serves 6 to 8 . 
buses seem to come in only two basic types wonderful and terrible. the `` wonderfuls `` have restrooms , air conditioning , individual radios , and sometimes airline-type stewardesses who serve you free snacks and drinks . 
or sprinkle the broth generously with grated parmesan. serve fish separately. serves 4 to 6 . 
then put them in the broiler to brown to a crisp on both sides. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with sauteed potatoes . 
top with the grated cheese , sprinkle with the bacon bits and cover tightly for a minute to let the cheese melt . a rich clam sauce may be served over spaghetti , noodles or rice . 
lutfisk is white fish that has been soaked in lye several weeks , then boiled . it is served with melted butter or white sauce . 
suggested accompaniments : sauteed potatoes or lyonnaise potatoes , sliced tomatoes and raw onions dressed with oil and vinegar and seasoned with a dash of oregano . note : leftover steak is delicious served in thin slices on toast . 
add a little cognac , kirsch or grand marnier and let them stand to mellow. when you are ready to serve , cover the berries with a thick layer of whipped cream . 
`` a poor man 's wife , `` rebecca replied gaily , `` must make herself useful , you know `` : on which her brother-in-law vowed that `` she was fit to be the wife of an emperor , and that to be skilful in domestic duties was surely one of the most charming of woman 's qualities . `` and sir pitt thought , with something like mortification , of lady jane at home , and of a certain pie which she had insisted upon making , and serving to him at dinner a most abominable pie . 
form the corned beef hash into patties and fry in butter or bacon fat until cooked through and browned on both sides. serve with hashed brown potatoes and scrambled eggs . 
a little too plump , she and her husband were solid citizens . the english she used was dreadful , and she cooked green beans in bacon grease and salt instead of serving them in sour cream sauce . 
variation : broil the bones under a low flame until crispy and brown. serve with sauce diable . 
you will find enough variety to arrange a large and hearty spread for a big cocktail party . if you are serving hors d'oeuvre to be followed by dinner , keep your dinner menu in mind when you plan the hors d'oeuvre . if you are having a rich , heavy dinner , do n't serve a rich , filling appetizer . 
it tastes of celery and goes well in mixed vegetables and as flavoring in soups , stews and chowders . lovage roots and leaf stalks may be cooked and served cold as a salad with oil and vinegar dressings . 
in a dallas restaurant , an impatient waiter rolled his eyes at me when i asked that butter be kept off my fish. he also insisted that the broccoli had to be served with butter because it was already prepared that way . 
garnished : you may add any garnishes you choose to the chicken as you arrange it in the mold : olives , sliced hard-cooked egg , strips of pimiento , green pepper rings , cooked vegetables ( string beans , carrot rounds , canned whole mushrooms ) , sliced onion or radishes. serve from the mold or turn out on a bed of greens and pass a bowl of well-seasoned mayonnaise . 
again in that heaven on wheels the table was set . dinner was served . 
they should be well browned and crisp. serve with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut . 
the candy must be eaten and the money spent before that day is ended to honor the memory of the parent . usually , also , a nine-course chinese banquet will be served to all the mourners when the funeral is over . 
add tomatoes and allow them to cook down with the vegetables until the mixture is thick and well blended. serve hot , or chilled , with additional oil and lemon juice . 
dress with plenty of butter , some fresh crushed garlic and a handful of chopped parsley. with the roast lamb and beans serve plain watercress of crisp celery and a chilled bottle of rose wine . 
the firm 's president promised his cooperation and i got an assignment from the magazine supplement of the former new york herald tribune. the article was featured on the front cover , with the title , `` 2,848 ways to serve ham . '' 
this deserved further investigation . he invited the two young men to his cabin where sangh served tea . 
slowly add a little of the hot soup to egg mixture , beating constantly. gradually return to soup in kettle , and serve at once . 
sprinkle the top with 2 tablespoons slivered blanched almonds. return to refrigerator until ready to serve but not for too long. prepare just before dinner is to be served . 
the only name the chef could give was `` chop suey , `` which in cantonese means `` odds and ends . `` soon , they tell us , all the chinese restaurants served chop suey for the americans . 
cook over low heat for 10 minutes. serve with a dollop of whipped cream , if desired. 32serves 6 to 8 . 
arrange on a serving plate and garnish with lemon wedges. serve with toast strips . 
garnish with the custard shapes and sprinkle with grated orange peel . serves 4 to 6 . 
garnish with chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
roast a loin of pork as above and let it cool to room temperature without chilling. serve cut in thin slices with mustard mayonnaise ( page 111 , v4 ) , french potato salad and glazed apple rings . 
for the lenten meal only vegetable fat is allowed . those who are not fasting will enjoy it when made with bacon or pork and served with sour cream . 
indeed , who is there that walks london streets but can point out a half-dozen of men riding by him splendidly , while he is on foot ; courted by fashion , bowed into their carriages by tradesmen , denying themselves nothing , and living on who knows what ? we see jack thriftless prancing in the park or darting in his brougham , down pall mall : we eat his dinners served on his miraculous plate . 
sometimes it is wise to feed the little ones early and let them join the family at the table just for dessert . serving the first course in the living room is one way to vary daily routine , and really is n't any more trouble . 
grandfather had stopped his pacing now , and stood squarely in front of grandmother 's chair. `` agnes , go and tell them girls to serve up the dinner now . 
crack the claws so that meat may be easily extracted , and break the bodies into halves or quarters. arrange the cracked crab on a bed of ice and serve with lemon wedges and mayonnaise for dipping . 
`` did you like it , pilar ? `` he asked finally with his mouth full of roast young goat . we were eating at the inn from where the busses leave and the room was crowded and people were singing and there was difficulty serving . `` 
release the spring-form catch and remove the ring. place the cheesecake on a large cake plate and serve with a knife and pie server . 
keep it cold. when ready to serve , heap it in a glass bowl resting on a bed of ice. serve simply with toast fingers or thin slices of dark bread lightly buttered and cut into fingers . 
`` florabel muir in new york daily news the fierce competition between london newspapers is illustrated by the cable sent from the daily express to its congo correspondent during the uprising : `` today 's daily mail reports their correspondent shot at yesterday stop why you not shot at ? `` richard west , the white tribes of africa ( macmillan ) social note from the san diego union : `` the cake was served by miss rebecca schwinn . 
the thanksgiving turkey was a special treat because it was available only during its season , and the christmas orange was once an expensive rarity. today , with flourishing turkey farms and quick-freezing a housewife can serve turkey whenever she likes , and oranges are piled high in every supermarket and appear in some form at many tables regularly . 
season with salt and pepper , and add parsley and a pinch of thyme . serves 6 . 
it was almost a ritual , as i think of it now . coffee was always served in the best room in the house and the good coffee cups were used . 
fill with hot soup and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
a scandinavian smorgasbord offers one of the easiest ways to entertain deliciously. guests serve themselves , as at any buffet arrangement . 
it will keep satisfactorily for a month or more refrigerated , but gains nothing with aging . it can be served immediately after cooking , or reheated in the same manner as the foregoing pudding . 
some reindeer were over a foot long . even doughnuts , seldom if ever served at any other time of year , were cut in elaborate designs . 
this will take 35 to 40 minutes. serve plain roast squab or broiled squab cold for an elegant picnic . 
this is a thick soup , but add more hot water during cooking , if necessary. taste for seasoning , add parsley and serve. serves 4 . 
the cellar door offers the best in smoked cookery amid a red plush victorian-western atmosphere. if bar-b-que is your bag , you wo n't find better than they serve at the cellar doors . 
general loewenhielm , who was to dominate the conversation of the dinner table , related how the dean 's collection of sermons was a favorite book of the queen 's . but as a new dish was served he was silenced . 
it wilts if it stands too long. just before ready to serve , break the greens into bite-size pieces and put them in a salad bowl . 
this makes 8 to 10 slices of elegant dessert. a cold winter evening is just the time to serve a rich homemade gingerbread , steaming hot and heaped with whipped cream ! 
pour over the steak . suggested accompaniments : this is especially good served with buttered spaetzle ( page 275 ) . 
remove bay leaf and bones. cut the meat into small pieces and serve in the soup. serves 6 to 8 . 
great favorites are : dutch edam is the round red cheese from holland. to serve : cut a slice from the top and dig the cheese out with a cheese knife. all cheese eaten plain should be served at room temperature . 
i thought it was stupid for us to have drawers and a closet in the room but not be allowed any clothes . after dressing we were marched to the cafeteria , where we were served powdered milk and eggs for breakfast . 
stir in the cream and season with salt and pepper . serves 2 to 4 . 
from it extended narrow strips of carrots , like rays of the sun. `` sunlight orange juice to drink , `` remarked mother . for dessert jim served heavenly star-shaped cookies , which he had baked , and very earthly ice cream . 
add croutons last and mix lightly. serve immediately . 
refrigerate. break into bite-sized pieces to serve . 
makes 12 cups. serve this meal in buffet fashion , the stew in a big bowl or a tureen , together with the pilot biscuits on their plate and the soup plates . 
chill several hours or overnight in refrigerator . serves 6 . 
with corned pork or tongue : cook the corned beef with corned pork or corned tongue. cook the vegetables separately and serve as above . 
fill the center with any seafood salad ( page 111 ) , using 1/3 to 1/2 cup per artichoke. press back into shape and serve with additional mayonnaise . 
fry to deep brown on each side. serve hot with chosen garnish . 
remove chicken from oven to the heated serving platter. garnish with crisp bacon strips , and serve with heated cream sauce . 
the maccabean latkes would have been quite different from those made from the following recipe because potatoes were not introduced to palestine until after the discovery of america . latkes are served with a variety of garnishes applesauce , dried-apricot puree , or powdered sugar , with cream cheese or sour cream . 
in its short life , sunrise took a fast track , spurning traditional residential mortgage lending in favor of risky commercial real estate loans. the thrift gathered deposits primarily from florida retirees , who were drawn to its high interest rates and personalized service , which included serving bagels and coffee . 
`` they 're on an ego trip. what really bothered me ( during a visit ) was that they had a brigadier general serve me a cup of coffee , '' complains george kachajian , a new jersey businessman whose efforts to sell to eastern bloc countries has been tangled in red tape for nearly three years . 
add potatoes and simmer for 30 minutes more , or until tender. cut the meat in small pieces and serve in the soup. serves 4 to 6 . 
`` she joined the others in putting away the things that were in the pile . `` refreshments are served in the witches ' den , `` she called as she led the group into the dining room . 
with onion : add a grated onion to the butter before you put it on the spinach. serve garnished with sliced hard-cooked egg and 1 teaspoon of dried tarragon , or 1 tablespoon of fresh tarragon. dress the spinach with this herbed butter , salt and freshly ground black pepper , and serve it with lemon quarters. chopped : chop the spinach coarsely before seasoning and serving creamed 1 : chop the spinach coarsely . 
`` kind o ' give up on the mess house , too . time was that she insisted that we have a lot o ' salad on little plates , and de-sert served in side dishes , an ' clean tablecloths and napkins evry meal . 
eating the artichoke is fairly complicated . because it demands the eater 's undivided attention , it is usually served as a separate course either as a first course or immediately following the meat . if served with the meat , it should be served on a separate plate , large enough to hold all the discarded leaves . 
`` when the pest had lunch laid out on the desk , the kids were awestruck . there were ten pizzas , one of each type that antonio 's served . 
it was a setting for high tea , but no one would notice if a man put his feet up on a table . it was a likely place for a crap game , but no one would be surprised if a uniformed butler served champagne and plover 's eggs . 
taste for seasoning. serve with a slice of fried bread in each soup plate , and sprinkle with grated cheese. serves 4 to 6 . 
remove the meat to a hot platter and pour the juices over it. serve with tiny new potatoes and tiny french peas cooked with onion and mixed with bits of smoked ham and plenty of butter . 
heat , but do not boil . serves 6 . 
add the pureed mixture and heat . serves 4 to 6 . 
remove the lamb to a hot platter and pour the juices over it. serve with steamed rice , braised cabbage ( use the chinese cabbage for this , if you can get it ) and tiny white onions glazed . 
garnish each portion with chopped parsley or a thin slice of lemon . serves 6 . 
his culinary skills are limited , however . for a time , he was fond of serving tv dinners , until the protests grew too loud and he switched to spaghetti , which he served without sauce or even butter . 
rebottle , cover and stand in a cool place for a week. drain , chill and serve . 
reduce the heat to dg400 for another 20 minutes , and then turn it down to dg350 for a final 20 minutes , or until the crust is nicely browned and the apples cooked through . apple pie is best served warm . serve it with cream , whipped cream or with a sharp cheese . 
`` i had to drink half of the glass . `` she also served him a plate of soup . 
spread reserved chocolate mixture over the top. chill until ready to serve . 
if you have the party outdoors , cook hot dogs on a grill. serve food from a wagon marked `` chuck wagon . '' 
by now he would have told ramon or his mother to knock it off . mrs. hunter served apple pie and milk for dessert . 
sprinkle lightly with salt and bake as for roast chicken , basting occasionally with melted butter or melted butter and white wine mixed. serve with giblet sauce ( see page 111 ) . 
once , when just from college , and when horrocks the butler brought him a letter without placing it previously on a tray , he gave that domestic a look , and administered to him a speech so cutting , that horrocks ever after trembled before him : the whole household bowed to him : lady crawley 's curl-papers came off earlier when he was at home : sir pitt 's muddy gaiters disappeared ; and if that incorrigible old man still adhered to other old habits , he never fuddled himself with rum-and-water in his son 's presence , and only talked to his servants in a very reserved and polite manner ; and those persons remarked that sir pitt never swore at lady crawley while his son was in the room . it was he who taught the butler to say , `` my lady is served , `` and who insisted on handing her ladyship in to dinner . 
`` the administrator backed down and apologized . at four o'clock sunday afternoon , tea with rum was served . 
and now , mr. van weyden , `` he said to me when he had been relieved from the wheel , `` we must make these newcomers welcome. serve out plenty of whiskey to the hunters and see that a few bottles slip for'ard . 
there are clouds and sunshine ( freedom , power ) . a man is being served by a stewardess . 
steam as above. strain the broth and serve it with the clams . 
kasha is buckwheat groats , a popular dish in eastern mediterranean countries. this recipe will serve 4 persons . 
the administrator had sounded specifically interested about making some changes in the hospital . sam drew charts ; he advanced ideas for change the serving of meals , the collection and handling of laundry . 
using a pancake turner , fold the hash over and roll it out on a hot platter , crusty side up. serve with poached or fried eggs . 
sprinkle with parsley , chives or paprika . serves 4 to 6 . 
in sweden , food plays a big part at funerals . invitations are sent out and a dinner is usually served at a hotel . after the graveside service , relatives and friends follow the sorrowing family home and coffee and elaborate refreshments are served . 
they should be rare in the center. spear each one with a toothpick and serve piping hot with a good mustard . 
drain thoroughly , season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and dress with melted butter. with hollandaise : serve with hollandaise sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . creamed : serve with rich cream sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
many a gustatory delight awaits the soup fancier in the recipes of this section . this may be further enhanced by serving the ethnic soup with its common ethnic accompaniments . 
`` the housekeeper came in carrying a tray that held a silver coffee service and four cups and saucers . procane thanked her and then nodded at janet whistler who poured and served the coffee . 
with crumbs : for each serving , toss 1 tablespoon of dry bread crumbs in a saucepan with 1 tablespoon of butter . pour the brown buttered crumbs over the tips of the asparagus just before serving . 
brush with oil or butter and grill over charcoal or in the broiler for several minutes. season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and serve with steak or hamburger . 
gradually add water and cook on top of the range , stirring constantly , until thickened and smooth. serve in a gravy boat. serves 4 . 
stir well to blend with the pan juices and heat through , but do not let it boil or it will curdle. pour this sauce over the chops and serve with mashed potatoes and fried apple rings . 
chill the soup for 24 hours . before serving add 1/3 cup of heavy cream or sour cream for each cup of soup . serve icy cold in chilled cups and top with chopped chives . 
run under the broiler flame for a few minutes until brown and bubbly. add cooked shrimp to the regular curry sauce on page 111 , v4 and serve with rice and chutney . 
during `` exam hell , '' the year leading up to the final test , komaba 's seniors drop out of sports and other extracurricular activities. their mothers relentlessly pressure them to study harder , often serving them dinner at home at their desks . 
`` tension , `` george declared . `` you 're not used to this kind of flying no pressure cabin , no reclining seats , no pretty stewardess serving martinis . 
place them in a covered dish or wrap them in foil and keep them in the oven set on `` warm. `` place the fried hamburger on the roll when it is time to serve refreshments . 
press a button and we take off . press another button and dinner is served . 
garnish with thin lemon slices . serves 4 to 6 . 
in her scrip , she had some bread left from yesterday 's lunch . breakfast was clearly not going to be served on the train . 
without a word he placed a cup and saucer and poured tea . in a few minutes he served fresh eggs , bacon , and soft rolls . 
buy these in a package . heat well before serving in a 425 degree oven for about 8 -- 10 minutes . 
third : add 1 cup chicken broth ( page 11 ) , stir it into the pan , cover , and simmer for 1/2 hour . serve the chicken covered with its gravy on a heated serving platter . serve with boiled rice ( page 111 ) . 
a bottle of wine produces about six large glasses if filled three-quarters full , as they should be . all table wines are suitable for dinner parties , although some attention to the order of serving and the accompanying food is desirable . 
this will take about 35 minutes. serve at once or it will fall . 
tears welled in olivia 's eyes. she had worried all day about what she would serve for christmas dinner . 
place a pat of butter in each soup plate before filling with soup , and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 to 8 . 
to make fruit sauce : heat raspberry or strawberry juice and thicken with 1 tablespoon cornstarch per cup juice . chill before serving . serves 6 . 
top each with a twist of lemon peel . serves 8 . 
alternate stuffing : use the stuffing given under the recipe for stuffed veal shoulder ( see above ) . cold breast of veal : stuffed breast of veal chilled and served cold is a great treat on a hot summer day . 
when done , scoop out the flesh , add 4 to 6 tablespoons of melted butter , salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste and beat until smooth. serve topped with crumbled bacon bits . 
makes about 1 quart. variation : some people serve this soup hot , with a boiled potato in each soup plate . 
the language he spoke was greek , but with a cretan accent , very different from cypriot . the barman who served him showed a flicker of surprise . 
garnish with croutons and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
when thickened , add 2 tablespoons heavy cream. pour over kaldormar and serve . 
sashimi , raw fish , is very good once you are used to the taste . another good-luck food served at new year 's is kuromame , black beans and chestnuts boiled in a sweet sauce . 
they are exceptionally tender and delicate in flavor but scarce and expensive. one pound of either variety will serve 2 persons with big appetites and 3 with average capacity . 
because of the blockade , food was scarce . only two meals a day were served aboard the patrick henry . 
cover and simmer over low heat for about 1 hour . serves 4 to 6 . 
sometimes on days when no one was staying and there was n't much to do i 'd go there to fish me and sarah mcrorty , we 'd go together. do you remember her the girl who used to help serve at the table ? 
add 1 cup of pitted ripe olives during the last half hour of cooking. serve with polenta ( page 111 , v2 ) . 
season with salt and pepper. serve very hot. garnish each serving with a lemon slice and a sprinkling of parsley . serves 6 . 
it was late at night , and finding all the restaurants closed they finally stumbled on a chinese restaurant where only chinese ate . as they demanded to be fed , the chinese chef took whatever was left over , put it all together with a sauce , and served it . 
reheat to boiling point , add rice and cook until tender. taste for seasoning and serve piping hot . 
dust these with flour and cook in butter until brown on both sides. serve plain or with a sprinkling of chopped parsley . 
then guests tasted and voted . one steak was pan-broiled ; one was broiled under a gas flame ; one was broiled with electricity ; and one was sauteed and served up with a sauce . 
file tends to thicken the stew , as does okra . it must , in any case , be added at the very end , just before serving . 
fresh eels are prepared in a similar way in latvia . serves 6-8 . 
it might be said that the potato is the `` basic black dress `` of the vegetable family . it can be served plain or dressed up for elegance . 
the u.s. department of agriculture introduced a policy that all school districts must sign papers that they will give free or reduced price lunches to children in need . rims barber told me : `` many schools signed , but served no lunches . 
i very gladly cooked dinner since she came home an hour later than i. i prided myself for an artistic flair for thinking up unusual menus and cooking them rather rapidly . i am not sure now whether the limit of one dollar , self-imposed as it was , was for the entire dinner or per head , especially since i often served some wine with it . 
the rich buttery quality adds to their tastiness. serve them on crisp pieces of toast with the cream and butter poured over the top . 
garnish with chopped fresh parsley or a slice of lemon . serves 6 . 
your father had influence , got a crime hushed up a long time before , not for himself , but for one of his friends. one of his friends shot a girl because she would n't serve him another drink , shot and missed . 
remove the rolls to a hot platter , pour the sauce from the pan over them and top with chopped parsley. serve this with macaroni dressed with butter , cheese and chopped sauteed mushrooms ; and a salad of romaine and crumbled hard-cooked egg , with a lemon juice and olive oil dressing . 
garnish with sliced fresh mushrooms , cooked asparagus tips , or a sprinkling of chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
with beer : omit the apples and substitute beer for the wine in the casserole. serve this casserole with horseradish mixed with apple sauce . 
`` oh , but do send mrs. hopkins to me at once ! `` she said , adding to georgina , as anson left the room , `` i have the most lowering presentiment that ices and wafer-biscuits are not at all the thing to be serving tonight , as the weather has turned so cool and damp . `` georgina , foreseeing a monologue on the deficiencies of the dinner and the refreshments to be served later that would endure until mrs. hopkins made her appearance , hurriedly interposed , `` cousin bella ! 
for the first six months you wonder how the devil you got here , and for the second six months you wonder how the devil the rest of ' em got here ! `` the newlyweds were living on a very tight budget , and the young bride had figured out every possible different way to serve a hamburger . 
some groups have imported from other countries uses of alcohol that can be classed as dietary , as explained earlier . for these people the holiday feast would not live up to expectations if wine were n't served . 
keep warm. when they are completely stacked , dress with hot chocolate sauce and serve in wedges with whipped cream , sweetened to taste and spiked with cognac . 
garnish with chopped pistachio nuts. serve with whipped cream . 
bake in a moderate oven ( dg350 ) for 30 minutes. serve warm topped with vanilla sauce . 
add the hot rice crust to boiling broth . garnish each serving with 2 shrimp , a few mushroom slices and a sprinkling of chopped scallions . serve at once. serves 6 . 
garnish with chopped fresh parsley . serves 6 . 
heat over a very low flame for 1 hour. serve on hot pasta and sprinkle with plenty of grated parmesan or romano cheese . 
prepare cubes of fresh pineapple as you do melon balls . within the memory of old timers ( including me ) , bread-making was routine in every household , and no proper wife thought of serving bakery-made products . 
many people insist that flank steak must be cooked by a long slow process . this well-known dish calls for broiling flank steak and is delicious if properly served . 
chill . helpful hint : leave the avocado pit in the guacamole until serving time to prevent the mixture from turning dark . 
stir in 1/4 cup soup , then return mixture to balance of soup. serve with grated parmesan cheese to sprinkle on top. serves 4 to 6 . 
remove from the oven and sprinkle with cinnamon. serve cold with heavy cream or whipped cream . 
season to taste with salt and pepper. serve these broiled kidney slices with a good english mustard , some crisp watercress and french-fried potatoes . 
when they are brown , turn , butter the other side of each slice and return to the broiler to finish cooking. serve as you would sauteed eggplant . 
as they sat and sweltered , the motorists could look up and see the early-rising moon three quarters full in the sky. in common with uncounted thousands of other housewives in the vast metropolitan area maggie mcguire was making iced tea to serve with the dinner she had prepared . 
reservations pour in. jean-michel lorain , whose la cote saint jacques in nearby joigny got elevated last year , says he suddenly serves between 25 % and 30 % more `` langoustines roties a la vinaigrette '' and other specialties , and is swamped with offers to market his jams , table linen and other sidelines . 
the cockaleeky recipe comes from scotland and is also popular in wales , where the leek is held in such high national esteem that it has become the country 's floral emblem . no less revered is the swedish pea soup , arter med flask , a national dish served in most swedish homes every thursday for hundreds of years . 
drain well. serve with the meat sauce poured over , the parsley sprinkled on and plenty of grated parmesan in a separate dish to sprinkle on top. serves 6 . 
select ripe , juicy pears , peel them and cut into very thin slices. sugar lightly and serve with plenty of heavy cream . 
reduce heat , cover and simmer until meat and vegetables are tender about 30 minutes. to serve , top with spoonfuls of sour cream and sprinkle with dill. serves 8 . 
fifth : garnish with 3 hard-boiled eggs , cut into quarters , arranging them between the sausages. sprinkle with paprika and serve hot in the baking dish with your favorite mustard . 
drop into boiling salted water or soup stock and poach. serve with hot consomme . 
for 4 persons , buy 1 to 1-1/2 pounds. an elegant way to serve fresh cherries is to heap them whole , with stems intact , in individual glass dishes. serve small bowls of ice water with the cherries so each person can dip the fruit as he eats it . 
simmer for another 2 or 3 minutes . serves 4 to 6 . 
cool to room temperature , then chill in the refrigerator. serve with sweet or sour cream . 
bowls of hot soup are always welcome. serve hot apple pie for dessert . 
rinse the pan with 1/3 cup of dry vermouth or white wine and pour over the hamburgers . the traditional hamburger is a 4-ounce cake broiled or pan-broiled to the required state of doneness and served on a heated , toasted , buttered bun . 
let it cool and then place it in the refrigerator to jelly. when you are ready to serve , unmold the jellied meat onto a platter and garnish it with pickles , sliced hard-cooked eggs , olives and parsley . 
cool and then chill in the refrigerator. when ready to serve , gently push aside the center leaves and remove the undeveloped leaves at the heart . 
for basting : apricot brandy , about 3/4 cup . for serving : green grapes if available , red otherwise . 
add parsley , butter and seasonings and simmer for another 10 minutes . serves 6 . 
come see them . we will be serving the evening lunch on them during our april bake sale and fun night . 
if you like it softer , cook it to the stage of doneness you prefer. serve in any of the ways suggested for noodles . 
add the vinegar and garnish with croutons or chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
every day , around 175 of them seek companionship at henry street 's senior-citizen center , in the basement of a nearby housing project. at midday , the center serves a 60-cent hot lunch . 
season with salt and pepper and top with croutons . serves 8 to 10 . 
there were solos sung and music played and poems read which had been written just for us and telegrams from loved ones in sweden and from friends all over america were read aloud . after the program was finished , there was a receiving line and then refreshments were served . 
old sherry and madeira are more easily obtainable than a twenty- or thirty-year-old sauternes or barsac . like all rules connected with wine-drinking , the rules governing the order of serving wine are nothing more than common sense and are variable according to personal taste . 
with 9,800 mcdonald 's -- 7,500 of them in the u.s. -- already dispensing burgers in 46 countries , his disciples continue to open new restaurants at a rate of one every 17 hours ; less than 0.5 % of the new units fail. mcdonald 's dispenses nearly one out of every three hamburgers served in u.s. restaurants and more than one-fourth of the french fries . 
she was placed at the grand exclusive table with his royal highness the exalted personage before mentioned , and the rest of the great guests . she was served on gold plate . 
return to the broiler to brown the crumbs. serve with sauce diable or with english mustard and crisp bacon strips . 
brush with the jelly until thoroughly covered. chill and serve with a plain mayonnaise to which you have added chopped fresh dill to taste ; or serve with green mayonnaise ( see page 111 , v4 ) . 
so much of the cooking i learned from my own mother , known to many of you as mama. much of it is from my own kitchen foods i have toyed with , improving the flavor and making them more exciting to serve . 
slip under the broiler for a moment to brown the cream lightly . serves 6 . 
figs are quite sweet. serve with heavy cream . 
`` no , i wo n't forget , je ne demande pas mieux . `` tea was served under the big lime-tree in front of the house . 
now and then amanda was aware of mrs. wickensdorf 's eyes on her in a speculative way ; now and then she saw them fixed on allan in a puzzled way , as though somewhere she had made a miscalculation . it was a relief to them all when mrs. oliver appeared in the doorway to say , in a soft and almost frightened voice , `` luncheon is served . `` 
most people go to a party , but the club took the party to the guests this time . they served delicious refreshments , and had gifts for all . 
stir the mixture into the soup and remove from heat. serve hot or cold , sprinkled with chopped chervil. serves 6 . 
all vital elements for growing minds and bodies ... help your child grow bigger and stronger. serve wonder bread . 
garnish with snipped dill . serves 4 . 
allow 1 quart of shucked clams for 4 persons. if you are steaming clams , 1 quart of clams in the shell will serve only one true clam lover , but will be enough for two with less enthusiasm . 
if you like your noodles softer , cook for 10 minutes. drain thoroughly and serve dressed with plenty of butter , salt and freshly ground black pepper. you can also use any of the sauces listed for spaghetti ( pages 332-337 ) or serve any of the following ways : cheesed noodles : drain the noodles thoroughly and return them to the pan . 
brush the split kidneys with melted butter or olive oil and broil very quickly under a hot flame until browned on the outside but still rare in the center. season to taste with salt and pepper and serve with crisp bacon slices . 
drain well , season to taste with salt and freshly ground black pepper and pour melted butter over. creamed : serve the cooked celery covered with a rich cream sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . hollandaise : serve cooked celery with a hollandaise sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
eating together can combine all the `` somethings `` basic to successful get-togethers . the planning , preparation , and serving of food , as well as the eating of it , provide something to do , to watch , to talk about , to laugh over , and to help with . 
if desired , float 1 tablespoon rouille in the middle of each soup plate . serves 6 to 8 . 
lobster salad see basic seafood salad , page 111 , v4 . this is a famous , classic seafood dish served in paris and in outstanding french restaurants in new york . 
add honey or sugar , cinnamon , nutmeg , cloves , allspice , salt and lemon juice . just before serving , stir in the cream and milk and heat . 
this will only take a few minutes. serve with rice and sauteed or broiled eggplant . 
in some areas , especially in charleston , south carolina , peas are combined with rice to make hopping john , a dish quite similar to jamaican and puerto rican staples . hot pepper sauce is served with it , and often boiled okra and baked yams . 
bay scallops will be done in a minute or two ; sea scallops take a little longer. season to taste at the last and serve with a dusting of chopped parsley and a garnish of lemon wedges . 
repeat this every 10 minutes during the next 1/2 hour of cooking , or until the duck skin has a fine glaze. serve this curried glazed duck with rice and chutney and thinly sliced bananas dressed with a sharp french oil-and-vinegar dressing . 
ham from denmark , butter from new zealand , spices from the islands of the caribbean and from asia , tea from ceylon , coffee from brazil , and olives from the middle east are commonplace. processed foods , ready to heat and serve , represent millions of unseen workers who have raised , harvested , prepared , and packaged products hitherto unknown in the home or elsewhere . 
whether you use a tablecloth or mats depends on what you have available . if there is a first course in the meal you 're serving , it may be ready at each place when the participants appear at the table . 
he takes in only nine guests at a time , specializing in prussian aristocrats . meals are formal , served by waiters in white gloves . 
later that year , his open hot roast-beef sandwich creates a scandal with its frankness . 1783 : to celebrate his sixty-fifth birthday , he invents the hamburger and tours the great capitals of the world personally , making burgers at concert halls before large and appreciative audiences . in germany , goethe suggests serving them on buns an idea that delights the earl , and of the author of faust he says , `` this goethe , he is some fellow . `` 
orange : add 4 cups orange juice , 1/4 cup sugar , and a dash of salt to milk , plus 1 cup of crushed ice . serves 6 . 
you may find these other soupmaking utensils among your regular cooking equipment : the queenly virtues of a well-made soup are entitled to a commensurately high standard of service. a first commandment in this respect is : serve a hot soup piping hot . 
garnish with a sprinkling of popcorn or a dollop of whipped cream . serves 4 to 6 . 
bake a ham preferably a fine country-cured and aged ham in any of the ways suggested on pages 111-111 , v3. make thin cornbread ( see quick breads , page 11 ) and serve the ham in thin slices on well-buttered pieces of the bread . 
it can be a side dish with hamburger , or it can be offered as the main course at a summer buffet dinner . no matter when it is served , or what the ingredients , a salad should always have a slightly tart taste and always be zestful . 
sprinkle with snipped chives . serves 4 to 6 . 
it must have caused their chiefs to decide on revenge ... `` the door opened and sangh came in balancing his tray as rapid rolled in the long swell . he swiftly served mr. baynes with toasted biscuit , jam , a cup of tea ; tea for sir thomas and merewether . 
garnish with garlic croutons or dollops of salted whipped cream . serves 4 to 6 . 
if the potatoes seem too stiff , add a little extra cream. reheat over hot water and serve with an extra lump of butter on top . 
when the pictures are complete , they form a very interesting mural and become a topic of conversation for all . the type of food and where it will be served will depend upon the number of guests , how long they will stay , and how large the host home is . 
empanaditas freeze very satisfactorily. reheat to serve . 
i find the best are placed on top , and underneath they may be green or moldy. one quart will serve 4 persons . 
sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
she put on the white outfit in which she had arrived with a shirt of mine underneath and took the head of the table . i would not even have her hanging around in the provincial manner and serving the men while they ate . 
this type of souffle is far lighter and more delicate than cream base souffles , and it falls easily . it must be served quickly . 
put the hot dunk sauce over an alcohol flame or electric plate. serve hot stuffed biscuits folded in a napkin . 
like the peach , it must be really ripe to be sweet and juicy. eat it plain , or peel it and serve it with cream or in combination with other fruits . 
with maple sugar : use maple sugar , or omit sugar and baste with maple syrup. with sherry : baste the apples with a little dry sherry wine during the baking and serve with a custard sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) flavored with sherry wine . 
smoked eel : cut thin fillets from this meaty fish and arrange on a platter or on toast fingers. serve with lemon slices or wedges . 
sprinkle with chopped fresh parsley , if desired . serves 4 to 6 . 
she was robed in white , they said , and around her head there shone a circle of fire or light . so it had once happened with their former nordic goddess freya , who once visited on the longest night of the year and served the swedes mead from a golden horn , in promise of a bountiful harvest . 
with loin chops : substitute 4 thick loin pork chops for the steak. serve with baked sweet potatoes . 
or make your own . this recipe serves 4 persons . 
add salt and pepper. serve hot , sprinkled with grated romano cheese. serves 4 to 6 . 
polish-americans mix cream with the poppy seed before combining with honey . serves 8 or more . 
here are some of the greens you might like to try for variety , texture , and flavor : iceberg , boston , or bibb ( limestone ) lettuce , romaine , chickory , escarole , endive belgian or domestic spinach , water cress , or dandelion greens. if you live where there is a scandinavian food shop , you can have a grand time looking over the great variety of cheeses to be had and deciding which you will serve . 
by noon they were as hungry as wolves . meat or fish was served at noonday dinner , but tea was a tasteless drink the boys called `` beer . `` 
add sliced cooked potatoes that have marinated in oil and vinegar , sliced tomatoes , quartered hard-cooked eggs and slices of cold boiled beef. serve with a pitcher of french dressing , a bowl of mayonnaise , sliced pickles and horseradish on the side . 
in front of each guest was a plate of small sandwiches , each wrapped in wax paper . mrs. clark also served carrot strips , milk , gelatin dessert , and cookies cut in the shapes of toys . 
very early on the morning of december 25 , general hugh mercer went to the ferry house and discussed plans with those officers who were already there . this was probably immediately after sunrise , or about seven o'clock in current eastern standard time , and mckonkey was already serving hot rum and milk . 
then return the lobster to the kettle to cook in the sauce , cover tightly and simmer for 20 minutes. serve over rice . 
this salad tasted so good and was so different that i asked for the recipe , which was sent to me after i had returned home . the beauty of this salad is that it can be served either cold or hot , making it just perfect for either a warm or a cool june day . to serve hot increase sour cream to 1/2 cup , and bake at dg350 for 20 minutes . 
from the garden comes the sound of water trickling over a graceful stone fountain and into a goldfish pool. mrs. furton , billowing about in a hand-embroidered turquoise muumuu , serves brownies and coffee , and asks a visitor to guess what she paid for the big basket of chrysanthemums and gladiolas on her coffee table : $ 6 . 
make a rich custard sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) and flavor it with cognac or grand marnier. serve over blueberries . 
the food at supper was plentiful and good . with it was served a delicious light beer instead of the horrible `` swipes `` the boys had endured at stonyhurst . 
return the meat cubes to the pan to reheat. serve with rice , noodles or mashed potatoes . 
the flavor improves if the casserole is made several days ahead of time . boiled potatoes which accompany it can be peeled sometime the day it is to be served and put in water , then cooked just before serving . 
sweeten with 2 tablespoons sugar and flavor with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract. when ready to serve , spread the whipped cream on top of the pie . 
melt butter or beef drippings in a skillet and cook the beef slices until the crumbs are crusty and brown and the meat is hot through. serve with sauce diable ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
let cool completely . before serving top with colored ( optional ) whipped cream . 
he almost hurried to greet them. `` madame has asked that i serve an aperitif in the salon to signor spezzi and madame tibbett , `` he said . 
remove cover and continue simmering until the soup is thick , stirring often. serve with hot , fluffy boiled rice to spoon into the gumbo. serves 6 . 
garnish with chopped dill or parsley . serves 4 . 
float a little cream atop each serving and sprinkle with a few gratings of nutmeg . serves 6 . 
fold the napkin over the corn to hold in the heat. serve with individual dishes of salt , pepper grinders and plenty of sweet butter . 
return the liver to the sauce and reheat it for a minute. serve with rice and a casserole of tomatoes and eggplant baked in the oven . 
at their embassy parties there was never an afghan baccha in sight . food and drinks were served by the russian wives instead . 
they marched around the corner to the dim , cool public room . the old white-haired portuguese served the london gin and lemons . 
place all ingredients in saucepan and simmer 15 minutes. remove cinnamon and serve hot or cold . 
cover the pan and bake in a dg350 oven for 2 or 3 hours or until the meat is tender and the flavorings are well blended and mellowed. serve with plain boiled potatoes or buttered noodles . 
just then she kicked the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drinks in tall glasses of plastic silver with foliage on top . beer was never served with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledge . 
i had worked in one hospital before coming here. we have about seventy thousand meals to serve a month , and we cater as well for all sorts of meetings , parties and benefits held here at the hospital . '' 
cook them according to directions above , place them on hot plates and season to taste with salt , pepper and butter. serve with bearnaise sauce , sauce diable or bordelaise sauce . 
add the olives and heat them through. serve this sauce with the duck , and accompany it with small new potatoes cooked in their jackets and tiny green peas . 
split rolls and toast them on the grill. butter them and serve a frankfurter in each. serves 8 ( if you 're also having hamburgers ) . 
most of these students sleep in the dormitory which is a part of the same building. furthermore , plans are currently being developed to serve the three meals per day in this building , starting in the fall of 1969 . 
her life was grind , grind , grind and sift , sift , sift. '' socrates alexander , catering director at the plaza hotel in new york , recently served luncheon to the national layman 's bible committee using `` good book cookbook '' cuisine . 
arrange the cooked scallops on a hot platter and garnish with lemon quarters and chopped parsley. serve with potatoes hashed in cream , buttered turnips and a green salad . 
beat for 2 minutes with rotary beater. serve hot , topped with a sprinkling of chopped parsley and loads of oyster crackers. serves 2 to 4 . 
stir in the cream and chill . serves 4 to 6 . 
if you wish you can give this dish a more festive touch by adding a package of cooked frozen green peas just before you dish up the stew and topping it with a liberal sprinkling of italian parsley. with veal saute serve spaetzle . 
`` light my fire `` was coming through the loudspeakers around the pool at the upper deck , one of montego bay 's most luxurious resort hotels . the man from michigan , buoyed by the free rum punch that had been served between 5:00 and 7:00 , was well into his monologue . 
everything reeked of gasoline . all day long the men breathed gasoline ; the air that the ventilation circulated below decks was charged with gasoline ; at mid-day the men were served gasoline-flavoured sandwiches and the water they drank tasted of gasoline . 
then cook over low heat for about 30 minutes. serve with yoghurt or sour cream as a topping.serves 6 to 8 . 
pour into a greased loaf pan and bake in a 350 degree oven for 1 hour. slice to serve. serves four . 
brush the top crust with beaten egg yolks and bake according to directions for apple pie , page 111. serve hot or cold . 
for all those millions , you might expect gondolas. but general mills has lavished its time and money on creating an ambiance and cuisine that are sort of italian -- the restaurants do serve spaghetti -- but not so italian as to put off the american mass market . 
it would make just as much sense to combine turnips and asparagus. serve them separately . 
cook gently for 15 minutes. serve over hot spaghetti , noodles or any pasta and pass grated parmesan cheese or romano cheese. 1. do not strain the sauce but serve it with the bits of meat and vegetables in it . 
during the last hour , baste with apricot brandy . fifteen minutes before serving , add grapes and baste them along with the goose . serve with white rice cooked by favorite recipe. serves 8 . 
place the bread on a cookie sheet and put into a 375 degree oven for 10 minutes. serve with plenty of butter available . 
when custard has cooled to room temperature , place it in the refrigerator to chill before eating . when serving , spoon right out of casserole , preferably into individual bowls . 
simmer very gently for a few minutes until all the ingredients are well blended. add a dash of lemon juice and serve . 
garnish with raw onion rings or paper thin slices of bermuda or red italian onions , sliced hard-cooked eggs and capers. serve mayonnaise separately . 
a popular cordial called lovage was made from the herb in combination with other herbs . it was served at inns for its beneficial effect and soothing quality during intestinal upsets . 
dribble a tablespoonful of honey over each half. refrigerate until ready to serve. although one ordinarily serves fruit first at breakfast , it often provides dessert at lunch and since this meal is a combination of the two one may choose when to serve it . 
or put a meat thermometer in the thickest part of the roast ( do not let it touch a bone ) and roast until the thermometer registers dg165. serve this special dish with glazed onions and baked potatoes dressed with sour cream , crumbled bacon and chopped parsley . 
`` you can turn the other way , `` i suggested. you ought to see what they serve in these places . 
no , his ears twitch , but only when i offer him a french-fried potato does he rise to his stumpy legs . the fourteen-year-old girl who has been serving me stands in the doorway of the restaurant to watch another helicopter bring down the dead and wounded from the slopes of the syrian mountains to the hospital here in safed . 
this is a good basis for many cream soups and sauces. to serve the broth , heat to the boiling point , add lemon juice to taste . 
season to taste with worcestershire , lemon juice and celery salt. serve hot or chilled . 
cut them in 1/2-inch slices and saute in butter until brown on both sides. serve with pork dishes . 
place a fillet in each soup plate and fill with hot soup . serves 6 . 
they were accompanied by mrs. cochran . after the program , the ladies of the anniston chapter served refreshments while santa claus presented gifts to the students . 
she sat beside him and looked ardently into his face . a great feast was served them , but fairhands and his lady had thoughts only for each other . 
cut in squares. serve plain or with a dish of 1 cup heavy cream whipped until stiff , sweetened with 2 tablespoons sugar , and flavored with 2 teaspoons vanilla extract . 
a delicate porcelain epergne laden with plums and apricots is an elegant centerpiece. fruit achieves its ultimate when you serve it in its natural state accompanied by cheese . 
since the very-youngs enjoy sitting on cushions on the floor , the coffee table will make an excellent substitute for a dining table . if they are served a bit earlier than the others , an adult or teen-age volunteer can supervise , help them butter their bread , cut their meat , and just be on hand in case of trouble ! 
i 'm sure they will enjoy the evening too . our chairman of the evening , jeanette miller , says `` do n't forget coffee and lunch which will be served at 9:45 . `` 
strain the soup through cheesecloth . add madeira just before serving and garnish with chopped parsley . serves 2 to 4 . 
make a sauce with 1 tablespoon of onion juice , 3 finely chopped anchovy fillets , 1 tin of tuna fish in olive oil , 1 cup of mayonnaise and 2 tablespoons of capers. blend well and serve with the sliced veal . 
grilled frankfurters : spear tiny frankfurters and grill until crisp. serve with a mustard-seasoned sour cream dunk. good cold hams , sausages and ready-prepared meats , sliced very thin and served with thinly sliced rye and pumpernickel bread , make tasty appetizers . 
strain the bones from the broth and then strain the broth through a linen napkin to remove the excess fat. serve the broth plain or with any of the additions suggested above for consomme ( see page 111 ) . 
that night , the guests were seated at franklin 's table . they were baffled when deborah served them nothing but a bowl of strange-looking mush , and a pitcher of cold water . 
while the spareribs are cooking , bring the marinade to a boil , lower the heat and simmer for 40 minutes. serve this sauce with the ribs and with them also serve rice , a platter of sliced tomatoes and onions , dressed with oil and vinegar , and some good bread and butter . 
in 1980 , with $ 60,000 , they launched `` shear madness '' at a tiny , basement cabaret theater in a boston alley. because of a slow start , the two dubbed their venture cranberry productions inc. , as in `` what do you serve with a turkey ? '' 
broil for 20 minutes , then turn and finish cooking until browned and crisp. serve with wild rice or barley casserole . 
the maiden seated herself upon the golden chair , and offered the silver one to her companion . they were served by maidens dressed in white , whose feet made no sound as they moved about , and not a word was spoken during the meal . 
add a dash of lemon juice and pour the sauce over the meat. surround this with the onions and mushrooms and serve with steamed rice . 
soon the `` greenery `` and root vegetables were ready for harvesting . pioneer women served them at the beginning of the meal while their families were still hungry , to be sure they got them down ! 
in short , she had every trait of the kind of woman he could tie round his finger . he rose to her with the most dazzling smile he had achieved in weeks , guided her through the menu and wine-list and chose a meal for her which was already flavoured with flattery before it was served . 
if the cheese mixture gets too thick , add a little more kirsch . the following quiche recipes may be served as main dishes for luncheon or late breakfast ; they are also suitable as a first course for dinner . 
i wondered whether some , at least , of the hippies were smoking marijuana . when the rush of serving was over , peter set a chair in the middle of the room and marilyn came out , carrying her guitar . 
sometimes this testing can get pretty sticky. it would be much easier to describe this , for instance , if each participant could have simply been served three cups , each containing one of the three choices . 
heat consomme until piping hot . serve in heated soup cups and garnish each serving with thin slices of celeriac ( celery root ) , which have been cooked until tender in salted water . 
there is entertainment -- clowns , magicians and santa claus -- and each child takes home a present. light refreshments -- ice cream , candy and punch ( adding to the cost of the company 's dental plan ) are served . 
i love lots of good things to eat , and i love to prepare them. here then is a sample menu of what i would serve . 
brush with softened butter and sprinkle with vanilla sugar. rewarm to serve . 
this dish has a gelatinous quality that many people find very tasty. serve it informally to guests who are n't afraid to use their fingers , for the best of the meat clings to the bones and must be nibbled off . 
dot liberally with butter and broil until sizzling on top and soft through , but not mushy. serve with whipped cream flavored with vanilla and sugar . 
there is nothing handsomer in the vegetable line than a whole cooked head of cauliflower , white , glistening with melted butter and surrounded with tiny whole carrots and small whole green beans . it is equally elegant cooked and chilled and served with other cooked vegetables and a well-seasoned mayonnaise . 
just then she kicked the screen door open and came out with a tray with two drinks in tall glasses of plastic silver with foliage on top . beer was never served with a sprig of mint to the best of my knowledge . 
garnish with croutons if desired . serves 6 to 8 . 
or , if you wanted a drink of water , you 'd be told that if you went clear across town , there 'd be a fountain for negroes . you 'd wait 25 minutes to be served in a diner , and if you complained , you 'd be told , `` we do n't want niggers in here , anyhow . `` 
do not overcook or the pears will be mushy. cool them in the syrup and serve plain or with whipped cream or custard sauce . 
derrick felt like hiding too , when he saw that his parents were still fighting. he was sick when mom studiously ignored pa 's entreating looks , when she let dorothy hedla serve him instead of bringing him breakfast herself . 
prepare the sloppy joes exactly as directed on the package. you can do this before you go to the game and reheat the mixture when you 're ready to serve . 
heat until piping hot . serves 4 to 6 . 
in either method , add more oil if paste is too thick. serve over hot pasta spaghetti or fettucine with a dollop of butter , if you wish . 
for this dish you need small clams littlenecks or cherrystones. tell your fish dealer how you wish to serve them and he will remove half of the shell for you. serve 6 clams per person and arrange the shells on beds of ice . 
per capita consumption of processed ( canned and frozen ) vegetables increased during the 1960 's , while per capita consumption of fresh vegetables declined. consumption of frozen and packaged pies and cakes , `` brown and serve `` rolls , and cake and cookie mixes has been soaring , at the expense of home-baked products . 
add more oil or a little water , if needed. serve cold , sprinkled with parsley . 
garnish each serving of consomme with narrow strips of french crepes ( paper-thin pancakes ) . just before serving the hot consomme , add port wine or sherry to taste , and sliced raw mushrooms . 
ribbons extended from it , like highways , leading to each place . mrs. ford and gary served an assortment of sandwiches , milk and gingerbread cookies shaped like cars . 
for the children 's love feast in bethlehem , chocolate milk and cookies are substituted . this presents something of a contradiction , as children regularly take part in other church love feasts at which coffee is served . 
it makes a fine basting sauce along with rosemary and garlic for roast pork . with thyme and parsley , it produces a good herb butter served with salmon , halibut and bass . 
cottage cheese mixed with chopped chives and parsley. serve with mayonnaise. 2 . 
it 's for people who think bermuda and nassau are vulgar and american and , besides , the natives are getting uppity. in montreux the natives never get uppity ; from september to may the hotels serve nothing but roast beef and curry and take good care not to cook it too well . 
still , the fajita pita is but a pale reflection of l.a. 's multi-ethnic folk cuisine , which appears to have roots that reach back to the mid-1940s. that is when , according to one vague local legend , a jewish man named maury and his mexican wife mary served the first kosher style burrito at an open-air lunch counter in the city 's downtown business district . 
garnish with thin slices of hard-cooked egg , lemon or avocado . serves 4 to 6 . 
now taste the broth and add enough salt and pepper to suit yourself. serve immediately while still hot . 
set aside to cool and then chill in the refrigerator. about 2 hours before you are ready to serve , add the chopped onion and parsley and additional oil if necessary . 
do not let the asparagus stand in the water after it is done. drain at once and serve with melted butter or hollandaise sauce . 
garnish with a sprinkling of chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
fish is good luck to eat at new year 's . it is served both cooked and raw . 
when the veal is done , remove it to a hot platter and surround it with buttered broccoli. serve with buttered noodles lightly sprinkled with grated parmesan cheese . 
the slices should be crispy brown but pinkish in the center. salt and pepper them to taste , sprinkle with chopped green onion and chopped parsley and serve with the pan juices poured over them. with sauteed liver , serve crisp bacon strips , english mustard and tiny new potatoes boiled with their skins on . 
by 7 p.m. , her pr duties done for the day , she literally climbed onto the small stage at the gold star sardine bar and sang her first set. only soft drinks were served , but the house was sro anyway -- just like her opening the night before . 
during the last hour , add 6 carrots , the onions and the turnips. twenty minutes before you are ready to serve , add a quartered head of cabbage . 
breaded : dip slices of cold turkey in lightly beaten egg and then roll in fine crumbs. brown in plenty of butter or olive oil and serve with a hot sauce diable ( page 111 ) or tomato sauce ( page 111 ) . 
you can introduce them in desserts or as a dessert by themselves. whenever you can , serve fresh produce . 
big bowls of celery and carrot sticks , crispy crackers , cheeses , and whatever snacks are planned , can be made part of the decoration of the serving area. members of the family should be at hand to serve , empty ashtrays , and be of service to the guests. instead of such a variety of refreshments , the host family may prefer to feature a large , beautifully decorated punch bowl , and serve a colorful punch to the guests . 
aunt letty had stuffed three turkeys for the occasion , but her dining room was not big enough for the herd she had invited . we served ourselves from the table , then filled the chairs , the stools and the couch in the living room . 
lightly sprinkle with sugar , and pass sugar for individuals to add more if desired . some southerners add sherry to ambrosia when serving it as a dessert . serves 8 to 10 . 
they were taking a night plane home . dinner was served in their rooms . 
but she kept going , peddling her pizzas to restaurants and fancy hotels. ms. higa 's big break came when the royal host family restaurant chain agreed to serve her pizzas . 
he shook hands self-consciously with macrae , larkin , dobbs , and davis , as the pipes squealed. `` you have permission to serve out a ration of spirits , '' he managed to tell davis and went below . 
pour into pie shell and bake at dg350 for 35 minutes. cool and serve . 
makes about 3 quarts. to serve : heat , season to taste with lemon juice , white wine or sherry and serve hot or chilled . 
latvians also observe first , second , and third christmas in america , with many parties and visiting . one christmas specialty which is universally served at such parties is piparkukas , the latvian version of peppernuts . 
gently heat through , but do not let boil . serves 4 to 6 . 
minute rice : use minute rice and cook it according to the directions on the package , substituting chicken broth or any meat broth or stock for the water in the recipe. serve in any of the ways suggested for steamed rice . 
chill . stir in cognac or sherry just before serving . 
place in refrigerator until firm. serve with the whipping cream or strawberry jam . 
chill until firm ( about four hours ) . unmold ( see page 13 ) and serve surrounded by defrosted frozen strawberries or fresh whole strawberries and remaining topping or cream. serves 6 . 
his wife was a brilliant woman and still good-looking . perhaps she neglected her own house a little for her visits and parties ; she changed her servants every three months and the general 's meals at home were served unpunctually . 
sometimes he felt so elated about his life and happy household that he danced a little mazurka before he sat down to a meal with his family . the rubinsteins had a french cook , but nela liked to surprise arthur with a favorite dish , such as partridge wrapped in bacon and served with red cabbage . 
nothing fills a person quite as full as a thanksgiving dinner . but we usually have a cold-turkey-sandwich snack before the guests leave , served , perhaps , with a cup of coffee and apricot bars , something sweet to top off the day . 
yair sings three sabbath songs he has learned in kindergarten. i serve baked fish . 
roll in fine crumbs and broil slowly in the oven or over charcoal until browned on one side ; then turn to brown on the other side. serve with sauce diable ( page 111 ) , v4 ) . 
when they are done , pour heated rum , cognac or grand marnier over them , ignite them and bring to the table blazing. serve with custard sauce or whipped cream . 
many people object to the taste of cottonseed. serve smoked fish on a platter with toast fingers , or arrange pieces of the fish on toast fingers yourself . 
while the meat is finishing , boil the potatoes. serve the meat sliced on a platter and surrounded by the carrots and potatoes . 
if using canned beets , put them in a small pot with some of their liquid , and heat . when ready to serve , place the meat on a serving platter , remove the vegetables from the broth with a slotted spoon , and arrange nicely around the meat . 
add more salt if necessary. serve in a salad bowl and garnish with sliced hard-cooked egg and chopped parsley and chives . 
they will be cooked in about 5 minutes . these marinated scallops can be served as an appetizer or as a main course . 
drain the cooked potatoes on absorbent paper . if you can cook these in advance and then recrisp the potatoes for a minute in hot oil just before serving , you will have a crisper , firmer vegetable . 
it 's not so much what the ads say as what they do n't say , these specialists complain. thus , while one ad shows a whole potato and a bottle of milk , they say it ignores the fact that the only potatoes that mcdonald 's serves are french fries cooked in beef fat and that one chocolate milkshake contains about three times the sodium content of a regular order of french fries . 
pan-fry small oysters and clams according to directions for pan-fried clams , page 111 , v2. spear with toothpicks and serve with a sharp tartar sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) . 
put a good hunk of butter into the same pan in which the beans were cooked . add drained beans and sizzle a little before serving . serves 4 -- 6 . 
drain and cool. serve with a vinaigrette sauce ( see salad dressings ) or mayonnaise . 
only one car was parked in front. `` al does n't serve lunches , `` preston explained . 
sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
with ice cream : fill the pineapple shell with vanilla ice cream. as a topping for the ice cream , serve the fruit cut in cubes and flavored with sugar and rum . 
this is particularly so for late-harvest rieslings. sauternes , however , is traditionally served with foie gras in the sauternes region , which sounds like an unbearably rich combination . 
`` we 're very positive , '' he said. `` we 're going to keep serving good food , come up with a reorganization plan and emerge from this . '' 
her family may then invite the congregation to a little get-together , called `` oleg shabbot , `` in the vestry or social room . this is a joyful , happy , brief social period at which refreshments are served . 
cook until the edges of the oysters begin to curl. serve at once , sprinkled with paprika or chopped parsley or chives. serves 6 . 
chill . serves 4 to 6 . 
religious symbols besides the cross there are many symbols and legends that will add interest and color to family gatherings : paschal lamb . in a family that serves no meat during lent , the lamb can be a mold , or can be cookies or cakes cut in the shape of a lamb . 
preparing a foreign meal once a month also changes the pace . besides helping to prepare the exotic dish , family members can use their ingenuity to make the way of serving , or the table decoration fit the meal being prepared . 
cook and stir over low heat until slightly thickened , but do not let boil. serve hot or chilled . 
brown the second side. serve on a plate , covered , so it will keep warm while your mother enjoys her strawberries first . 
she slipped the elastic cord under her chin . the guests were served hearty irish food : scalloped potatoes , corn beef , green peas , and milk . 
drop by spoonfuls on waxed paper . let cool at room temperature before serving or storing . 
with brown sugar : omit the honey and use 2 tablespoons of brown sugar. with chili sauce : add a bit of chili sauce just before you serve . 
before you see the pineapple tank , you know where you are by the sweet smell of sun-ripened pineapple being simmered in sugar syrup or processed into its own naturally sweet juice. on interisland flights between honolulu and the neighbor islands , stewardesses on all flights serve free pineapple juice . 
at supper i requested the hunters to lower their voices , so she was not disturbed ; and it was not till next morning that she made her appearance . it had been my intention to have her meals served apart , but wolf larsen put down his foot . 
sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 3 to 5 . 
he realized that he was talking too much , almost boasting , and compelled himself to change the subject . in a few moments , the first and third lieutenants came in and the dinner was served . 
cover and cook over very low heat until squabs are done about 1-1/4 hours. cut the meat from the squabs into bite-size pieces and serve in the soup. serves 6 to 8 . 
completing his `` education `` in minnesota , he took a room in early march at a boardinghouse in milwaukee , where eight different locations were important to his legend . the morning of march 9 the cook served a good breakfast . 
add mussels and / or clams and heat through. serve in large , heated soup plates with toasted italian garlic bread. serves 6 to 8 . 
i know angelique. i serve his tray in the lounge and i eat in my room with the folding doors open . 
hard lines to have to give up such prizes , though. `` he sat in the armchair under the vent , waiting for sangh to serve lunch while merewether finished his report and locked it away in the strongbox . '' 
probably it was easier to lose one 's parents and be left entirely alone than to be a step-stepchild who was n't wanted . when the pie was served stan took one taste and rolled his eyes ecstatically . 
with parsley : add 4 tablespoons of chopped parsley to the potatoes after they have been riced. with chives : add 2 tablespoons of chopped chives to the riced potatoes and sprinkle chopped parsley on top when you serve them . 
this swamp creature has been a prized delicacy in the gritty , industrial suburbs south of detroit since the 1800s. but last month state food regulators banned johnny kolakowski from serving his $ 5 muskrat dinners at the indian lanes bowling alley because the meat is n't officially inspected . 
add minced clams and heat through . add a pat of butter before serving and top with a few grindings of pepper and a sprinkling of chopped parsley . serves 2 to 4 . 
chill until firm. break up with a fork and serve in chilled soup cups. garnish each cup with a sprig of parsley , and serve with lemon wedges. serves 6 . 
one was white , made of rice cooked in milk and spiced with almonds , marmalade , and white raisins ; another was burnt gold in color , wheat grains flavored with buckwheat honey and dates ; the third was black , prepared by soaking rice in dark plum juice and garnishing it with prunes and black currants . the three puddings were made into loaves and served with highly flavored fruit and berry sauce , representing the product of the orchard . 
discard bouquet garni , taste for seasoning , and add the chopped parsley . serves 8 . 
soak in vinaigrette sauce ( page 111 , v4 ) for 1 or 2 hours. serve in a salad or with mayonnaise . 
`` i only weigh a hundred pounds . `` it was typical of the smith household that the bathroom scales on which jenny weighed herself were american , while the lacquered bowls in which much of the food was served were japanese . jenny kimura and her mother could use a knife and fork quite as well as they could use chopsticks , and the table appointments were varied according to the food served . 
put the slices into the frying pan and baste with the sauce until the slices are well covered . warm through ( but do n't boil ) before serving . 
the best bananas are ripe bananas. it should be unnecessary to make such a statement , but strangely enough , many people serve the fruit while it still has a green tinge at the tip of the skin . 
everybody was already in the kitchen when we got there . joe sat down at the table and i served him . the women did n't sit at the table with the men on that day , they served their men . 
it might be worth it . incompetent sales clerks are not likely to make a store popular , and a smelly restaurant does not establish an atmosphere of comfort and confidence in what foods are going to be served . 
the fraud was therefore a vocal one , and any experience i had , beyond what the others sensed , might have been due to my having received some hallucinogen drug . the fenwicks had served our meal between them , and giles had carried my coffee across the terrace when we rearranged the chairs . 
add a little chopped garlic and a touch of worcestershire sauce to them as they cook. serve with potatoes cooked in their jackets and a bowl of sour cream and chopped chives to dress the potatoes . 
add thyme and season with salt and pepper . serves 4 . 
ignite and carry to the table blazing. serve poached pears topped with vanilla ice cream and crushed raspberries or raspberry syrup. serve poached pears topped with vanilla ice cream and hot chocolate sauce . 
garnish with whole berries or fresh mint leaves . serves 6 . 
despite scare stories , he reassures them , the radioactive fallout from chernobyl was n't that bad in germany. it is safe to eat the local vegetables , drink the milk and serve the mushrooms , he adds , and anyone worried about wild game can marinate it a few days in vinegar to cleanse it . 
cut stale bread into small cubes and bake slowly in a dg275 oven until crisp and well browned. serve these with soup. if you wish to serve the croutons with vegetables or noodles , after browning them in the oven saute them in hot butter until they are sizzling hot and buttery . 
heat , but do not boil . serves 8 . 
add the meat and simmer for 1/2 hour , covered. serve with rice pilaff , crisp french-fried onions , chutney , toasted almonds , grated coconut , raisins soaked in cognac and crisp , crumbled bacon . 
he was perhaps the best cook of afghan food around . prior to tawab 's dining with us , we had regularly been served dishes that were western whenever we entertained . 
garnish each serving with a dollop of salted whipped cream , if desired . serves 6 to 8 . 
en brochette simply means broiled on skewers. allow 2 kidneys and 4 large mushrooms per skewer and serve 1 skewer per person . 
pour the pudding mixture into the baking dish , scraping the bowl clean with a rubber spatula ; set dish into a pan of warm water and bake in a preheated dg350 oven for approximately 30 minutes , or until the pudding is firm. remove with two pot holders and serve hot . 
place the potato cubes in a large bowl , add the chopped vegetables , bind with mayonnaise and season with salt and pepper , if necessary. serve in a salad bowl and top with more mayonnaise . 
this should not take more than 15 minutes. serve with chopped parsley , additional butter if necessary , and lemon wedges . 
return cabbage rolls to casserole , cover , and place in dg350 f. oven or over fire until whole is well heated , about 15 minutes. to serve , remove cover. if contents are to be served on platter , dish up sarma , and garnish with sour cream as described . 
much social drinking today has ritualistic overtones the champagne toast to the bride and groom , for instance , or even the cocktail party. many people serve drinks in a way that is fundamentally ritualistic , though it is unlikely that they would think of it in that manner . 
then she has to make lunch , wash the dishes , and do the shopping . by then it 's time to start dinner preparing it , serving it , and cleaning up afterward . 
place in a hot oven to melt and brown the cheese . serves 4 to 6 . 
further , we adopted a policy of asking only one excellency at a time so that he could sit at my wife 's right and enjoy the nice warm feeling of being superior to everyone else. in many areas of our rural south , and perhaps in other parts of the country , the women do not sit down to eat with the men , but serve them first . 
max said as he drifted off to sleep on the ride back to dean 's hotel . the next morning at the hotel we were served hot tea and biscuits by a distinguished-looking gentleman in a white uniform and turban . 
the flavors are complementary , but the tomato seems to make the salad watery . i suggest serving sliced tomatoes or tiny peeled whole tomatoes on the side . the most common mistake people make with avocados is serving them before they are fully ripe . 
once more the character of the passengers changed , and jenny found herself in a plane full of dark-suited businessmen with briefcases . the stewardesses were kept busy serving drinks , and jenny was left quite alone . 
if the guests are careful , they can open the top of the box , which is now the back of the covered wagon , and take out the raisins without ruining the favor. conestoga-wagon place card : if you serve your guests at a table , you can use these toy wagons as place cards and give different prizes . 
the carnivore , like several other restaurants here , is the place for gourmands seeking what might be called gnu-velle cuisine , people likely to ask `` where 's the beast ? '' actually , most of the game meats served with some regularity in africa are farmed for that purpose , with some supplementing from animals culled from overpopulated herds . 
then turn it upside down to invert the contents on a large platter. serve with rice pilaff and tomato salad . 
sprinkle with a few drops of lemon juice and add the flaked fish. serve very cold in chilled soup cups , garnished with snipped dill or parsley. serves 4 to 6 . 
while in the refrigerator , the pie must be covered with waxed paper . fifth : to garnish the pie before serving , whip 1 cup heavy cream until stiff . 
graduation day is a big milestone in your lives and some celebration is certainly indicated . why not invite a good-sized group of your friends for late supper at your house , served in buffet style ? 
some of the bars on the list have substantial problems of violent crime. recap has ideas for how the bars can reduce such crime ( such as not admitting or not serving intoxicated customers ) . 
remove from heat and sprinkle with chervil . top each serving with a spoonful of sour cream and sprinkle with a few drops of lemon juice . serves 4 to 6 . 
fold in 3/4 cup whipped cream and hide single almond somewhere in mixture. to serve , decorate with swirls of remaining whipped cream and red and green maraschino cherries if desired . 
simmer until the mixture reaches the consistency of heavy cream about 1 hour . just before serving , add the stuffed crayfish heads and heat through . 
for a while i saw no pigeons , but then i found a large flock that roosted under the eaves of the bishop museum , apparently going out to forage in the countryside during the day . one summer in san juan , puerto rico , the hotel where i stayed served breakfast on an outdoor terrace , and the charming little puerto rican honeycreepers invaded the tables to get tidbits from the guests . 
taste for seasoning . serves 4 to 6 . 
remove popovers from the oven with two pot holders and take from pan with fingers protected by a napkin. serve them piping hot . 
buy whole cooked or uncooked hard-shell crabs , allowing 1 per person unless they are the exceptionally large crabs from the pacific northwest. in that case , one crab will probably serve two persons . 
stir the mixture into balance of soup. serve piping hot , with a boiled potato in each soup plate . 
stir lemon juice into soup and chill. serve with a selection of the following garnishes : thin slices of raw apple , thin lemon slices , slivered almonds , chopped fresh parsley , snipped chives , fresh mint leaves. serves 4 to 6 . 
`` fresh lemonade , `` said mom , as she filled the children 's cups. `` did you ever see circus-cart ice cream ? `` asked sue as she helped serve dessert . 
they were always bossing me around . there was still a little time until christmas supper would be served . 
stir in the chopped parsley and chopped onion. serve with slices of frankfurters in each bowl ( simmer the frankfurters for 15 minutes and then slice ) , or with slices of garlic sausage ( simmered for 30 minutes and then sliced ) . 
garnish with croutons . serves 4 . 
heat at a simmer. serve in a separate dish so that those who want some may help themselves . 
she smiled a beautiful bland smile at the empty stage , and the boy struggled past her large pale knees and then past evie 's , muttering all the time. `` you 'd think they would serve popcorn , `` violet said calmly . 
later , the romans planted the fields of tuscany abundantly with anise to supply high demand for food flavoring , medical additives and perfumes. roman cooks made cakes of anise meal and other aromatic herbs to serve following rich entertainments and wedding feasts . 
mix oil , vinegar , salt and pepper and pour over the salads . serves 10 . 
strain into a clean pan and gently reheat. serve in heated soup plates , with melba toast and thin lemon slices. serves 4 . 
if your party is small , make cupcakes , putting one of these three ingredients into three of the cupcakes. mark these cupcakes with toothpicks so that you will be sure to serve them. if you bake a big cake , and do not serve the entire cake , the part of the cake with the `` fortunes `` in it may remain uneaten . 
cook over low heat for 30 minutes . add the eggs before serving , and sprinkle with chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
shake the pan occasionally to be sure the potatoes are not sticking and are cooking evenly. serve with a sprinkling of chopped parsley or chopped chives and parsley mixed . 
we left the nice young thai family reluctantly , but the lunch did prove sumptuous . i had n't the slightest idea what we were eating , but it certainly tasted different from what they served at the hotel . 
in this age of moderation , the popularity of a cocktail mix surprised several marketers. but these , made by coca-cola , can be served with or without alcohol . 
the witch suspected no evil , and her mouth watered to taste the new dish , so she went into the kitchen to prepare it herself . when it was ready she could not wait till it was served at the table but immediately took a couple of leaves and put them in her mouth . 
garnish with finely chopped nuts . serves 6 . 
garnish with olive slices or chopped parsley . serves 6 . 
season with salt and pepper and reheat . serves 4 to 6 . 
lutte ouvriere , paris the following letter was written to le monde by m. roger errera , a senior official of the conseil d'etat , france 's highest advisory body to the government in legislative matters. allow me to make a few clarifying comments of a legal nature on the facts presented in your recent article concerning a certain cafe in the latin quarter which refuses to serve blacks . 
these tiny birds weigh only about 1 pound each. serve one to a person . 
top with a sprinkling of chopped parsley . serves 4 to 6 . 
will keep in refrigerator overnight , but no longer . serves 4 to 6 . 
about 15 minutes before cooking time is up , add the cabbage. strain and serve the broth as the first course . 
if you overcook , the meat will be dry and half the flavor gone. serve roast stuffed turkey with sauteed tiny white onions , mashed potatoes and giblet sauce made with the turkey giblets and neck ( see page 111 ) . 
this will take approximately 5 minutes . if potatoes are not served immediately , add 1/4 cup of water , cover , and keep on warm burner . evaporate water before serving . serves 8 . 
then proceed as for regular noodles ( see above ) . cook and serve green noodles as you would white noodles . 
stir in the heavy cream. serve hot , garnished with croutons. serves 4 to 6 . 
it was an ad for wine. the friend played a maid , serving wine to blonds . 
real sales are restaurant sales after excluding the effect of additional outlets and price increases. in this case , wendy 's also excluded breakfast sales , as most of its restaurants have stopped serving breakfast . 
note originally , this typical north american dish was made of corn and kidney beans , and cooked in bear grease . the pilgrims added various meats and served the dish as a meal in itself . 
