mfs multimarket income trust , a closed-end investment trust , said it sold 110 million shares of beneficial interest at $ 10 a share for a total of $ 1.1 billion , one of the largest initial public offerings in the u.s. mfs multimarket , for which massachusetts financial services co. will serve as adviser , invests in a variety of investment vehicles to obtain a high level of current income . `` having got rid of mcclellan does not seem to satisfy them ( stanton and halleck ) , `` major wainwright noted . `` they would have every man killed off that ever served under him . `` his other books are a kind of homecoming and choice of straws . from 1960 to 1966 he served in france with the world veterans federation and with unesco . mr. weaver , 52 years old , succeeds edward r. farley jr. , the company 's 67-year-old chairman and chief executive , who retired. mr. farley will continue to serve as a director . `` mother did take an active part in the sunday school work , though . she did n't teach a class , but she served on a number of committees . once she called on a woman who had just moved to town , to ask her to serve on a fund-raising committee . he was shortly chosen president of the executive council of pennsylvania . while serving in this capacity , he was chosen a member of the constitutional convention which met in may 1787 . it might have remained just that , remote and shrouded in mystery like the nearby biblical cities of sodom and gomorah , had it not been for the dream of one man : dr. yigael yadin , professor of archeology at the hebrew university in jerusalem . yadin , today a quiet , 50-year-old scholar , was chief of operations during israel 's 1948 war for independence , then served as israeli chief of staff until he resigned in 1952 . every team put in $ 1,500 a year for each player into the pension fund , a figure matched by the player . in the event of disputes over salary , campbell served as a mediator if either party requested arbitration and the owners felt he generally gave the player the benefit of the doubt . most of the children have received little medical or dental attention . some 750 high-minded physicians like dr. kruger will soon be serving in 41 such office of economic opportunity healthright centers around the nation . sorge and ott had hit it off from the start . both men had served on the western front , and both loved chess . i shared with dr. jones the feeling that this present chapter in his life may well be climaxed by his presence and witness for christ at the world ashram congress in jerusalem and galilee , june 25-29 , 1972 five days of ashram fellowship with people from many countries six days of walking where jesus walked in touring israel and jordan , and a climactic communion service at the sea of galilee. i am grateful for the privilege to serve as chairman of this world event . trimedyne , a maker of fiber-optic catheters for diagnostic use , did n't give a reason for mr. henson 's resignation , and the 41-year-old executive could n't be reached for comment. richard randall , executive vice president and general manager of the company 's medical laser unit , will serve as acting president and chief executive beginning jan. 31 until a replacement is found , trimedyne said. mr. henson , who has served as president and chief executive officer since 1983 , has agreed to remain a director until feb. 28 or until a replacement is selected , the company said . finally , wilcox concluded , a professional director would be haunted by `` the constant specter of conflict of interest . `` so wilcox decided to accept an offer to become vice chairman of eastman dillon , union securities & co. , and continue serving on boards ( currently seven ) as a sideline . on friday , mr. fowler , who has championed broadcasting and telecommunications deregulation , informed president reagan that he intended to resign this spring. mr. fowler , who has served for nearly six years , said , `` there 's a natural breaking point in life ; it 's time to move on . '' small-business owners who have n't paid such political dues `` will find it tough , '' he advises. paul farago , a pawtucket , r.i. , maker of small parts used in assembling wires and cables , has the advantage of serving as sen. robert dole 's finance chairman in a small state with a relatively simple delegate-selection process , thus gaining an inside track to a delegate 's slot . in another recommendation reflecting the view of u.s. industry , the academy report also advises the commerce and state departments to regain `` leadership '' it says they have lost to the pentagon in forming export-control policies. mr. allen , a former air force chief of staff who now serves as vice president of the california institute of technology , said that while the pentagon has done a `` commendable '' job in taking an early initiative on the issue , the u.s. now must reassess its policies . the department will receive public comment on the plan for 45 days , and then will make an official proposal. any new rules would supplement existing ones that bar pilots , flight engineers and attendants from serving as crew members within eight hours of drinking , while under the influence of alcohol , or while using a drug that can hurt their performance . a federal judge appointed eugene anderson , a former assistant u.s. attorney in manhattan , as trustee for the city 's primary concrete workers union. mr. anderson , a partner at anderson , russell , kill & olick in new york , will serve from april 6 , 1987 to late 1990 . being the only american with whom vergennes cared to deal , the chief burden of the negotiations with the french government fell to him . he also served virtually as consul , judge of admiralty , and director of naval affairs . the proposal died for lack of a second. mr. henkel 's nomination was pushed by former sen. mack mattingly , a georgia republican who served on the senate banking committee . and his budget-cutting efforts often were thwarted by members of congress determined to shield politically popular transit programs. before becoming umta administrator , he served as chief of staff to transportation secretary elizabeth dole , and special assistant to former transportation secretary drew lewis . and they 're getting healthy pay. doctors serving as chief executives of industrial companies earn on average $ 133,000 a year . in his fiction hemingway faced the truth , as he would n't in his life. in a story he numbered among his favorites , `` in another country , '' the protagonist , a patient in a milan hospital after being wounded in world war i , modestly knows that his medals were awarded only `` because i was an american '' serving with italian forces . mr. ribicoff , a former u.s. senator from connecticut , declined comment other than to say , `` it speaks for itself. '' he added that he wanted to leave the warner board after three years , which is how long he has served . mr. gates was named acting director after former director william casey resigned. he had served as deputy director since last year , and before that he served more than four years as deputy director for intelligence . they argue that in mid-1984 , the cia in fact turned the contra war over to col. north and the national security council. unable to use full-time cia professionals , this theory goes , col. north turned to a network of former and part-time cia and pentagon employees , such as thomas clines , a former cia officer who served in miami in the 1960s . in cleveland , a number of former engineering executives have become taxi drivers . and some of monsignor mccarthy 's parishioners in palos verdes are driving trucks , serving as floorwalkers in department stores , or tending gasoline pumps . unarmed pilgrims would be welcome at the holy places ; unarmed infidels might trade in the christian ports. as a parting present saladin added that not more than four latin priests might serve in the holy sepulchre . these students represented about one-tenth of the midshipmen then in the navy . each was required to have served three years at sea . at albany , he overtook chauncey who was returning to sackets harbor from new york . although both men had served in the mediterranean squadrons years before , they now met for the first time . just as many jurors have come to suspect , this duty really is becoming more of a bureaucratic nightmare. those who actually serve on juries often walk away with renewed confidence in the system and say their experience was remarkably rewarding . `` everybody appreciates a good joke , '' he points out , `` but only another attorney appreciates a well-drafted debenture agreement. '' bill king , the comedian who serves as emcee for the contest , says many of the entrants are better performers than some of the amateur comics who test their skills at `` open-mike '' nights . he would recognise the present frontier of the christians , and in addition cede to them the harbour of beirut on condition they did not fortify it. the holy places would be open to latin pilgrims , and latin priests might serve in them . he burst into a room where they were all assembled , but no one knew who he was . only his bride , who was serving as cook to her sisters , recognized him at once . the seventeen years that followed his commission as brevet second lieutenant of engineers were such as might have been spent by any young officer of that service who combined a fine presence with social graces , exemplary conduct , energy , and ability . after seventeen months of work on fort pulaski , cockspur island , ga . , he served as assistant engineer at fort monroe , va . , from may 1831 to november 1834 . in an important sense , ronald reagan is profoundly fortunate in attracting as distinguished an american as howard baker as chief of staff. with drew lewis and paul laxalt turning down the job , the administration was able to come up with an appointee who has highly plausible qualifications to serve in the presidency itself . it had on board captain robert gorges , son of sir ferdinando , who had brought along a shipload of immigrants , a patent to a large tract of land just to the north , and a commission from the council for new england `` to be generall governor of ye cuntrie. `` bradford was to be deprived of office , though he was to serve temporarily as an assistant . i was challenged by the campaign , but i did n't have the enthusiasm '' for another term , he says. something is wrong with the `` world 's greatest deliberative body '' when a senior committee chairman declares that he enjoys campaigning but not actually serving in office . only once in a while did something get into the papers when the person involved was prominent . an editor got indignant when a man by the name of jones casually murdered a famous chickasaw warrior and councilor , emubby , who had served with general jackson in many campaigns . mr. kennedy , a 31-year veteran of union carbide , was elected president and chief executive in april 1986. he had previously served as a corporate senior vice president and as executive vice president and group president for chemicals and plastics . dogs were used in all theaters of operation , from north africa to germany and from the solomon islands to japan . altogether , more than 250,000 dogs served with the armies of the allied and axis powers . in 1879 he was made the first director of the smithsonian 's bureau of ethnology , which he founded . he had already helped to found the united states geological survey , under the department of the interior , and served as its second director . as previously reported , iran has threatened to flood the world market with cheap oil if it is n't a party to a final agreement. despite assertions by industry specialists that the iranian fields are n't capable of producing oil in such quantities , the iranian declaration made at the opec council table offended even arturo hernandez grisanti of venezuela , a moderate minister who is serving as a mediator between the widely divergent iranian and arab factions . `` he resigned. the whole staff of the survey department then followed suit , refusing to serve under a deputy who had successfully intrigued in london to oust light and to succeed him . throughout his career as a revolutionary patriot he emphasized `` rights as derived from the laws of nature , '' not a king ; and here , as elsewhere , he strove for the `` revindication of saxon liberties '' ( chinard , commonplace book , p57 ) . elected by the virginia convention to serve in congress in case peyton randolph should be required at home , jefferson sat in that body during the summer and autumn of 1775 . stupid me ! after three issues , i was asked to serve on the board of the msb because of an editorial on `` diplomacy `` . since the organized blind chose to neither endorse nor oppose my election , i serve as an independent . the following explanation to his father-in-law is the main source of our knowledge of hamilton 's single personal difference with washington . he had served at headquarters four years , much of that time `` as the principal and most confidential aid of the commander in chief . `` adds barbara hackman franklin , a corporate director who heads the government and business program at the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania in philadelphia : `` it sounds like an awkward situation at best. '' ms. malone , who is black and serves on the boards of several other big companies , defends her decision . yutaro hayashi , 51 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of mitsui manufacturers bank , effective immediately. he succeeds the retiring 65-year-old leonard weil , who will serve as president emeritus . mr. demuth is a young , widely respected lawyer and free-market economist. early in the reagan administration he served as the omb associate director in charge of putting some brakes on federal regulation . the government had to rent slaves from their owners and used them as army laborers. at the same time it exempted one white man for every plantation of fifteen slaves or more to serve as overseer . the center , which is to house several art galleries and two theaters , as well as studios and offices , will be known as the wexner center for the visual arts. mr. wexner , who was graduated from ohio state in 1959 , serves as chairman of the ohio state university foundation , which raises money for the university . the panel also named paul barbadoro , an attorney in the concord , n.h. , law firm of orr & reno , as deputy counsel. mr. liman , 54 years old , has relatively brief experience as a prosecutor , having served from 1961 to 1963 as an assistant u.s. attorney for the southern district of new york . mr. tacke , who has been a director since 1969 , worked his way through the company mostly in the electronics systems group , where he was senior vice president in charge of that group from 1977 to 1983 , when he was elected president and chief operating officer. mr. dixon will continue as chairman emeritus , a director , and will serve as a consultant to the company . aunt edmee had gone to france several years earlier with the beauharnais family. she had met them in martinique when the marquis de beauharnais went there to serve as governor and lieutenant-general of the windward isles . moleculon , which makes a product that allows drugs to be absorbed through patches affixed to the skin , said the $ 28 million purchase is expected to be completed in november , provided shareholders authorize an increase in common shares and the issuance of the preferred stock. faulding is to name two representatives to serve on moleculon 's board , which will be expanded to six members . with acquisition of the systems programming div . of digitek , ryan-mcfarland got all contracts , warranties and maintenance rights for existing customers . ryan formed digitek in 1961 with jim dunlap , who served as its president for eight years . now i wonder which of them it was we was talking to ? `` back at the boardinghouse that night at supper , i found out from my landlady that the lawyer we 'd met was mr. lincoln , his partner being out of town , serving in the congress in washington . he did not mind being poor , he said , for people with small incomes were as happy as those with fortunes . for eight years , from mar. 17 , 1892 , he served on the circuit court . it had nearly proved fatal to me also . and falconbridge was serving on the better class of english slaver . next monday , the supreme court of ontario will hear mr. pezim 's request to have five corona directors removed and replaced with his nominees or with court-appointees. mr. pezim , who helped found the company , vowed to press his feud against management , saying the board broke an agreement under which he was to have continued to serve in an `` executive position . '' he will report directly to a.w. clausen , bankamerica 's chairman and chief executive. he also will serve on the company 's managing and money and loan committees . this group eventually took over the management of the schools organized by the quaker women , the first quaker school becoming new york city 's p.s. one . elsewhere quakers helped to press for the establishment of public schools and sometimes served on school boards . mr. carmichael , 41 years old , succeeds richard l. phillips , 60 , who is retiring. mr. phillips was appointed chairman emeritus of shelby and will serve as a consultant to the company . philips , based in dayton , ohio , manufactures components for the mobile-home industry , and its revenues of $ 186,700,000 in its latest fiscal year were about as much as i. b. m. takes in every eight days . why did learson , who also serves on the board of such giants as standard oil ( n.j. ) , become a director of a relatively small company ? he worked with mr. boesky as a trader at edwards & hanly in the early 1970s , before joining a predecessor of seemala in 1975. he became a senior vice president in charge of trading for several boesky entities and served on seemala 's executive committee . `` he jabbed a blunt forefinger at curt 's chest . `` but you ai n't even served in the army ai n't had even that much training in taking care of yourself . even though the subsequent conviction of mr. italiano allowed mr. merkle to claim another victory , the attack on mr. merkle by an incumbent governor could be a serious threat. the prosecutor 's four-year term ran out a year ago , so he is serving at the pleasure of president reagan . mr. carter , like mr. reagan , believed prior notification to congress risked revelations that would have jeopardized the lives of those involved in these operations. after serving two years on the house intelligence committee , i can understand the president 's concern about leaks . `` did your vessel leave the coast in the day or the night ? `` the question was put by a member of the committee to dr thomas trotter , who had served as surgeon on board the liverpool slaver brookes 9 between cape palmas and anamabu in the years 1783 and 1784 . as a young man he lived in a home for tramps in vienna , doing odd jobs and painting poor pictures . in the first world war he served in the german army , and rose to the rank of corporal . `` some mothers blamed the press and the government for their sons ' anxieties . `` what the hell 's the matter with america ? `` angrily exclaimed mrs. george mauro of brooklyn , whose son , robert , had served in calley 's platoon . `` in 1841 , pennsylvania hospital opened an institution for the care of the insane in west philadelphia with dr. thomas kirkbride , a quaker , as its first superintendent . dr. kirkbride had served as a resident physician at friends hospital in frankford , and was eager to try the experiment of using `` moral suasion `` rather than mechanical restraint at the new pennsylvania institute . these victories were relatively small and local , but they proved inspiring. men enlisted , proud to serve under a brilliant general in the cause of freedom . he had also become interested in politics and joined the republican party . in the fall of 1881 , he was elected to the new york state legislature , where he served three terms . maurice dolbier grew up in skowhegan , maine , and attended the whitehouse academy of dramatic arts in boston , massachusetts , before embarking on a career as an actor . he later turned to radio broadcasting in bangor , maine , where he served as writer , producer , and program director . with the stock now at about $ 64.50 , his paper profit is about $ 2.1 million. he also serves as a viratek director , receives $ 25,000 a year as a consultant and gets royalties for sales of the misting device . alice heard of the service and the committee and their plans. she knew they were considering sending an american nurse overseas to serve with the british army ; that nurse would be called the edith cavell memorial nurse . as secretary of state , clay was thoroughly loyal throughout to the administration . he served the full term and perhaps never spent a more miserable and uninteresting four years in all his life . she was supposed to have eight huge , fifteen-inch guns , but when she arrived in casablanca from lorient she only had four . they were all in a single turret on the foredeck and it was in that turret that my father served . the success of erhard 's gamble earned him the position of secretary of economics in west germany 's first government. there he served under konrad adenauer , who himself was an amateur in economics but an astute politician . some of these groups , meanwhile , also are moving well beyond simply contributing. the home builders , for example , are attempting to increase the number of its members who served as delegates to the 1984 presidential conventions to about 150 delegates from the roughly 80 elected four years ago . kaisertech did n't name successors for mr. maier in his posts at the parent. the company said mr. maier will remain a director and member of the executive committees of kaisertech and kaiser aluminum , and will serve as a consultant to both companies through 1992 . tracor was picked from a list of about 137 companies , mr. inman said. he had served on tracor 's board until june , when he found the company to be one of 24 on his final list of potential acquisitions , he said . a round robin , signed by 63 moscow and leningrad writers , urges the party to obtain the release of the writers . a member of the moscow university faculty who served as a defense witness at the trial is dismissed , and 18 of his colleagues protest . two of the passengers on this trip were the brothers john and charles wesley , founders of the methodist church. the trustees asked john to serve as chaplain to the new colony , and charles functioned as oglethorpe 's secretary for a time . `` it was me who was chasing them . `` an aggressive player who had made a study of his craft , he was inserted by muzz patrick into the ranger front office where he served as assistant general manager . but while the contras ca n't defeat the sandinistas militarily , their eventual disappearance might nevertheless jar the regional balance of power. `` my guess is the sandinistas would not return to their old ways immediately , '' comments a ranking u.s. diplomat serving in central america . now royal troops were taking over. but the more he heard of forbes the more he wished to serve under him . however , the dollar showed some resiliency in early trading today in tokyo , where the u.s. currency was quoted at 143.18 yen. it had been widely expected among market participants that mr. volcker would serve a third four-year term as fed chief . as i recollect garibaldi 's terribly difficult not to say complicated lineage , his english mother had presented him to his italian father in the country of france . however this trilogy may be , he had served at various times in the italian , french and english armies . he gazed at crowded rows of wounded troops sprawling around the inside walls : a hellhole of bawling , bleeding , rattling , writhing , gangrenous , groaning federals and confederates . negroes , serving as stretcher-bearers and sawbones ' assistants , scampered to and fro . often the captain is a natural leader . he receives a bonus for serving in this capacity , which gives him a major privilege over the other players . he bases his hope on statistics he cites suggesting that the administration has done well so far in keeping presidential appointees on the job. mr. tuttle 's office says cabinet secretaries in the reagan administration have served an average of 41 months , longer than the average in the carter administration or the combined nixon-ford and kennedy-johnson administrations . i call it a gift from heaven. when the united states entered world war i in april 1917 , i was determined to serve as an aviator . butch worked extensively on a conservation project and devoted over 40 hours to community service . he also served as patrol leader for six months and attained the rank of life scout . they are pondering whether to approach the challenges and headaches of a separate , sovereign micronesia or to seek assimilation within the boundaries of their powerful but often distracted guardian america . soon , the islanders will choose one of these courses , thereby finally determining the shape of their future . ( p. f. kluge served two years with the peace corps in micronesia . `` as an undergraduate dr. mcintyre had been an enthusiastic member of the dartmouth outing club . while serving as an army surgeon in korea he had learned to fly helicopters . one viewer fired off a telegram saying : `` wallace is pimping for the protesters . `` a new york times survey of some gi 's serving in the quang ngai area near my lai 4 found wholesale resistance to the idea that charlie company had massacred some civilians . `` i have nothing but the utmost respect for maurice segall , and i 'll continue to take his money at poker , '' mr. sherman said. until a successor is named , mr. segall will serve as acting chairman of the division . mr. proxmire would preside over confirmation hearings for mr. henkel if he is renominated by president reagan. because he was appointed while the senate was n't in session , mr. henkel serves without confirmation . mr. pearson , at a news conference before the annual meeting , predicted mellon `` will be in the black '' again by year 's end. the 75-year-old executive , who serves as financial adviser to billionaire paul mellon and has been a director of the bank since 1972 , also stressed he will serve as chairman only until a successor to mr. barnes is named . the recommendation on electro-biology 's device , made by a panel of orthopedic specialists appointed by the fda , was based on a review of follow-up clinical data on patients treated by the device before 1979. `` the panel reviewed data and concluded the effectiveness of the device can not be established , '' said nirmal k. mishra , an fda official , who serves as secretary to the advisory panel . and the thing that drives you absolutely crazy is that he 's still got some sort of a reputation that dates back to the people he was associated with before the depression . `` in his early years gordon had served on the staffs of some of the most prominent psychoanalysts in the country , but had never blazed any rails himself . in national over-the-counter trading yesterday , barris closed at $ 7.75 a share , up $ 1. burt sugarman , chairman and chief executive officer of barris and giant , said guber-peters principles jon peters and peter guber will both serve in the new position of managing director of barris , and have the option to become barris co-presidents . because monnet is by nature so outgoing and friendly , he is a welcome figure in many capital cities ; and because he has never been connected with any particular political party , or sought personal power , he has no competitors and few enemies . in the first world war , monnet was already working to promote anglo-french cooperation with the united states , and for a time he served as deputy secretary to the league of nations . every time he traveled from pretoria to johannesburg on the ben schoeman highway , he was reminded about what was expected of him. naturally , it was expected that he eagerly serve his obligatory stint in the army . the letter cited the suit that guinness brought against him and ernest saunders , guinness 's former chairman , in late march to recover the payment. `` it would be inconsistent for me to continue to serve on the board pending final resolution of the disputes , '' the letter said . mr. vineyard is awaiting sentencing on a jan. 30 federal court conviction for conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud and for falsifying documents in order to receive loans from key , the bank board said. mr. vineyard served as chairman of the thrift and resigned july 1 after he was indicted by a federal grand jury , according to the bank board . arthur had to fish out his passport for the guards at each border , and the information on the passport was a bit of a fake. had his true age and status been recorded , he could have been forced to serve in the russian army . e. r. braithwaite was born in georgetown , british guiana. he took a b. sc. in physics at new york university in 1942 before going to england to serve in the royal air force from 1943 to 1946 . the word spread like wildfire through the ship ; men who had carelessly diced away their pay an hour ago became tightfisted , debts were collected , and the liberty party sought goods thought to be in demand in china . these men were sophisticated ; they had served as slavers in africa , touched every port in the west indies and central america . knitting and hosiery guilds were formed which brought the standard of knitting to great perfection . men served an apprenticeship of six years , three to learn , three to travel and study other methods and designs . after their freshman year , yale undergraduates divide up into twelve residential colleges . the facilities available at each of the colleges were inventoried a while back by novelist john hersey , who served as master of one of them , pierson college , for five years . `` she 's so slim , '' sighs a woman who isn't. for the benefit of those people who have never seen `` wheel of fortune '' because it runs opposite `` the macneil/lehrer newshour '' in some cities , for the past 4 1/2 years ms. white , 30 , has served as `` wheel 's '' hostess/human mannequin/ '' letter turner '' and has made her sole vocal contribution , `` bye-bye , '' something of a byword . tom was wrong in one thing : bismarck was n't an ass , whatever else he might be . in some ways he was like that outstanding idiot cardigan , under whom i had served in the 11th hussars , but only on the surface . in peace or war , every able-bodied man had to wear his national uniform . after serving a certain number of years , the men were discharged into a reserve . niagara mohawk power corp. said john g. haehl jr. has agreed to serve an additional year as chairman and chief executive officer . he succeeds august l. streater , 65 , who plans to retire dec. 31. mr. streater will continue to serve on franklin 's board . biographical notes are given only for the more important of those not numbered in the pilgrim company ( appendix a ) . ( post of deputy governor was created in 1680 . ) ( there was only one assistant governor , 1621-23 ; number increased to five in 1624 , to seven in 1633 . with exception of allerton , names of those who served before 1633 are unknown , but there is ground for reasonable conjecture ( ) indicates probable years of service before 1633 . `` to make something out of it , and to do a good deed. '' mr. clines 's role in nsc staff operations appears to have come largely through maj. gen. secord , and he served as a lieutenant of sorts to the retired air force officer . `` a prolonged period of uncertainty would be harmful to the cia , the intelligence community and potentially our national security , '' he wrote. in his written reply to mr. gates , the president described the 20-year cia analyst as `` a remarkably talented and dedicated man '' and asked that he continue to serve as deputy director of the agency . directors and officers control about 10.5 % of cbi 's common shares outstanding. the directors serve staggered terms and , a spokesman said , cbi has a poison pill provision designed to deter takeovers . when we returned to school this fall , there was a new face in the principal 's office , mr. gary coker . before this year he had served on this staff as a mobility instructor . claudine b. malone faced an unusual dilemma when she learned in mid-february that dart group corp. was considering a bid for supermarkets general corp. for eight years , the 50-year-old teacher and management consultant from mclean , va. , had served as an outside director on the boards of both companies . mr. wyman himself was criticized by mr. tisch for failing to move quickly enough to cut costs and streamline cbs in the face of weakening national advertising spending. cbs also settled with peter derow , who served as president of its publishing group through october 1986 , the proxy revealed . but he became a soldier under the name of george slant , a trooper in the cavalry . and he had served for more than a dozen years , in wyoming , in montana , and finally in new mexico . only 5 % of the assets are held in cash reserves. he will serve the remaining three years of the 14-year term of emmett rice , who was nominated by president carter . but for some , the low pay caused a real hardship. a free-lance word processor figured the two-week jury-duty stint would cost her $ 1,200 ; she , too , never got to serve . both of us were members of our naval academy classes of 1939 ; both of us finished submarine training and reported to our first submarines in 1941 . both of us served on board submarines throughout world war ii , beginning in subordinate capacities and finally concluding the war in command of our own boats . on the one hand , we revere the office and want to honor its holder. on the other hand , we also want to remind him he 's just another citizen serving at our pleasure . gold fields said 28 % of its shares are held by minerals & resources corp. , or minarco , which is partially owned by the two south african mining companies. two minarco officials serve as non-executive directors on gold fields ' board , but gold fields insists it is independent . on the way to our interview with learson , now chairman and chief executive officer , and frank t. cary , the new president , we had considered some of the speculation that we had heard and read about the management changes. one rumor that is frequently heard is that learson now 59 and thus six years from retirement would not serve that long but instead give way to cary , perhaps in combination with george beitzel or gilbert jones . news corp. officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday , nor could mr. thomas , who was said by the company to be leaving to `` pursue other interests. '' he will serve as a consultant to harper & row , which temporarily will be led by the two top executives of a british book publisher in which news corp. holds a major stake . this must be the hottest day we 've had . `` hyde , a dour , thin man who had served in the navy a long time , gave him a queer look . `` some of them were sorely tempted to come out strongly for a european security conference , in order to sound as `` forthcoming `` as possible in the ears of their own peace-minded electorates . old socialist pietro nenni , who was serving briefly as foreign minister in a precarious italian coalition , was one of these . years of neglect and indiscriminate alteration had made the constitution slow and logy , a `` wet `` sailer that shipped water in every breeze . hull might have been willing to accept such conditions had he not served as lieutenant in the frigate when she was fresh from the ways . langston found that the international brigade was integrated . negroes and whites served in mixed companies , with negro officers having white soldiers under their command , too . separately , the company said thomas r. wheelock , 40 years old , resigned as chief operating officer. mr. wheelock , who also served as executive vice president , was named to the position as chief operating officer on may 5 . penn central also said that herbert winokur jr. resigned as senior executive vice president and a director , and that edward f. kosnik resigned as executive vice president , chief financial officer and director. mr. winokur and mr. kosnik will serve as consultants to penn central . mr. reagan also named frank donatelli , a longtime reagan political supporter and partner at the washington law firm of patton , boggs & blow , as white house political director. the 37-year-old mr. donatelli , who served as president reagan 's public-liaison chief from 1984 to 1985 , succeeds mitchell daniels . recognizing these positive reactions , hospital superintendents asked for more co units. when there were not enough conscientious objectors to fill the need , young wives and sweethearts were recruited to serve in women 's units . election officials played the matter stonefaced. they certified the ballot count and declared the beast elected , then said that unfortunately the successful candidate could not serve under the law all public officials must be qualified voters who can read and write . that the negro-american is coming on as a potent political force is revealed by the changes that have occurred since moon made that statement . justice thurgood marshall is a member of the supreme court , having served as solicitor general , the third-ranking post in the department of justice . the writer served as chief of rail cost and pricing policy at the icc during 1980-81 and testified on behalf of the justice department in the sf-sp proceeding . once you let world politics dictate the policies of the olympics , where does it end ? if the ioc has the right to dictate to south africa on a matter of internal affairs , can it tell russia that its athletes must not serve in the russian army ? it was this man who came to the throne on the death of horemhab , dropping the definite article p at the beginning of his name and reigning as ramesses i. although he was the first king of the nineteenth dynasty ( 1304-1195 b. c. ) he was already old when he came to the throne and reigned for about twenty months . the real founder of this glorious dynasty , the restorer of egypt 's greatness , was sethi i , his son , who had also served under horemhab . later , she returned to the company as controller. a certified public accountant and a harvard-educated mba , ms. malone serves mostly on the audit and finance committees of the boards she has joined. last year she served on nine boards , including limited inc. , campbell soup co. , scott paper co. and houghton mifflin co. according to 1986 proxy statements filed with the securities and exchange commission , ms. malone received more than $ 93,000 in annual retainers for serving on the boards , plus additional fees of as much as $ 1,000 each time she attended a meeting . eventually , he was sent to the county jail in albuquerque , n. m. for two weeks he was locked in with 18 men , and fought with them for several days to avoid being gang-raped . `` i hate to see the younger boys those 15 or 16 walk in here , `` said herschel thomas , who served as superintendent of the indiana reformatory in 1968 and 1969 . but he would warn , `` it takes adjustments to life , and maturity , to make a great musician . `` he gave similar advice when he served as a judge each year for the `` audition for musical talent in our schools `` sponsored by radio station wqxr and the new york times . oh , we never did anything especially festive trips to the zoo , a tour of constitution hall , things like that but i could remember how delighted i felt to be out with the two of them , and how happy they 'd seemed in each other 's company , and in mine. too , i could remember the terrified rebellion i 'd glimpsed for a moment in my mother 's face the day my father was called to serve in the korean war . separately , h. barclay morley , former chairman and chief executive officer of stauffer chemical co. , was named a director of schering-plough , increasing board membership to 17. mr. morley previously served on the board from 1979 to 1985 . wendy gramm , the head of regulatory affairs at the office of management and budget , is an able economist and familiar with transportation issues. john snow , the president of csx , a leading freight company , has served as an assistant secretary of transportation and recognizes that more deregulation will benefit consumers and shippers alike . in addition to the people on the titanic and carpathia , certain others contributed valuable help in preparing this book . captain charles victor groves has aided me greatly in piecing together the story of the californian , on which he served as third officer . more important , they cracked the ruling alliance . pierre elliott trudeau served as an unpaid legal adviser for the miners ' union . the select committees are expected to begin a new round of public hearings next month , and the house panel is scheduled to hold an organizational meeting this morning. among the leading candidates to be the panel 's special counsel is john nields , a washington attorney who served as chief counsel to the house committee on standards and official conduct during the `` koreagate '' influence-peddling inquiry of the late 1970s . please telegraph acknowledgements . alice had a strong feeling of loyalty to the british nursing service , in which she had served . hiring mr. inman was seen as a coup for westmark , which was expected to benefit from the high profile and government contacts that mr. inman brought to microelectronics & computer technology. mr. inman previously served as a director of the national security agency and deputy director of the central intelligence agency . the present government calls for negotiations for regional autonomy while continuing to pursue a military solution , and maj. dawit was active in enforcing that policy. for many years he served in the second division in eritrea . other officers included : gertrude gibbins , first vice-president ; james daniel , second vice-president ; arrietta hudson , recording secretary ; joe arnold , corresponding secretary ; larry batson , treasurer ; with ida bell edwards and evelyn lee as board members. bill gibbins was appointed marshal and arrietta hudson will serve as chaplain . as a result of all these threads holding it to europe , the afsc established small international centers in paris , berlin , vienna , geneva , warsaw , and moscow. a director , often a man and his wife , was appointed by either the british or american friends to serve as a host to the center . who will reimburse my company for the economic jail it 's been in for 2 1/2 years ? '' when asked by the associated press if he would ever consider serving in government again , mr. donovan replied : `` i will not . '' but hundreds of thousands of others were at risk. i served as a staff officer in vietnam in 1966-67 with many other non-combat troops . `` he likes to tilt against the establishment , '' said a dallas lawyer , although mr. susman 's background hardly sets him apart from the legal bluebloods. mr. susman , a native texan and a yale graduate who edited the university of texas law review , later served as a supreme court clerk and was a partner in houston 's prestigious fulbright & jaworski law firm . i wish to prepare myself by october for examination as a counsellor ; but some public avocation may possibly prevent me. i had almost forgotten to tell you that i have been pretty unanimously elected , by the legislature of this state , a member of congress , to begin to serve in november . this he could follow in the original. he liked lenoir , and was pleased that he , too , had been picked to serve on the subcommittee . but the company said it would undertake an immediate nationwide search and has decided that mr. taylor 's replacement `` will come from outside the company. '' meanwhile , frank n. davis , president of energy national inc. , a up & l subsidiary , was named acting president and chief executive and will serve on the board until a replacement is named , utah power said . but in recent months , acquaintances say , mr. tisch had grown to enjoy his role as a media executive , and in public statements , mr. tisch made it increasingly clear that if directors offered him the job full time , he would take it. `` although i had been asked and had intended to serve as chief executive officer of cbs only for a brief transition period , i have become increasingly impressed over the last four months with the strengths and potential of this great company and its people , '' mr. tisch said in a statement . in september combat operations in quang ngai were handed over to a newly formed unit known as the americal division , which was composed of three brigades the 196th , which had served as part of task force oregon , and two new fighting units , the 11th brigade from schofield barracks , hawaii , and the 198th brigade from fort hood , texas. many of the senior officers of the new division came from fort hood expressly to serve in the new headquarters , under the command of major general samuel w. koster. a west pointer , koster had the rare opportunity to put together his own command staff , and selected a number of his classmates and friends to serve with him . i shall find the place where people go after death very dreary . it is like hell for a father to be separated from his children and i have served my apprenticeship ever since my daughters married . charles duke of st. albans possessed no great ability . he certainly inherited his father 's and his mother 's courage , for he served in the emperor 's army at the siege of belgrade and acquitted himself valiantly when the austrians wrested it from the turks during 1688 . `` kay halle knew president kennedy well . she had served on his inaugural committee and had conceived the idea of inviting the two hundred eminent award winners in the fields of art , science , and the humanities as special guests to his inauguration . g. e. paid for two suites in washington 's watergate hotel , and day soon pulled together an informal consulting committee of several dozen labor-relations managers from large corporations , with whom he would confer generally over the long-distance phone on pending matters of major significance. day also recruited roger m. blough , the former chief executive officer of u.s. steel corp. , to serve as an adviser . i saw it as the climax of a long odyssey , which had started with night school and had taken me through two institutions of higher learning and another stint in the marines. i had reenlisted to vindicate my record , to prove that i could endure boot camp and serve honorably if i put my will to it . it was the end of an era . de gaulle was succeeded as president by georges pompidou , a gaullist who had served under him , but evidently differed from his policy on some important issues . however , the king 's subjects did not rally to his cause. many of his officers , sympathizing with the americans , did not wish to serve against them . mr. gillett 's rise to prominence in the broadcasting industry follows an eclectic career. he has worked for crown zellerbach corp. as a salesman , formed a computer software company , acted as a management consultant for mckinsey & co. , served as business manager and part owner of the miami dolphins , and owned and ran the harlem globetrotters with two partners for about a decade . as deeply committed as col. north was to the insurgents ' cause , he and his associates increasingly took it upon themselves to run the war , as had the cia before them. `` the heavy hand of the gringo is needed , '' wrote robert owen , who served as a courier between the white house and the contra leadership . it was only because he had felt himself able to run away at any minute that he had not wanted to do so ; now , however , that he had become familiar with life in ashpit place he no longer minded it , and could live gladly in lower parts of london than that so long as he could pay his way . it was from no prudence or forethought that he had served this apprenticeship to life among the poor . perot , too , has since been knocked out of the billionaire ranks ( his holdings are currently worth just $ 666,000,000 ) but not out of the news . he served as chairman of united we stand , a lobby that supported president nixon 's early policies in vietnam . directors are setting up more committees , meeting more often , and feeling freer to put tough questions to management. professional directors , usually retired executives who serve on several boards , are likely to become more common . delaware , the state in which gm is incorporated , amended its laws last year allowing such a change in a company 's certificate of incorporation , and many corporations have already taken such action. the proxy noted the increasing unwillingness of directors to serve on boards without greater protection , and said the premiums for gm 's director insurance have `` increased substantially . '' the group opposes current management , he said , because pay-fone 's results have been `` inadequate in terms of the revenue flatness that has persisted at the company. '' responding to the kahn group 's proxy material , pay-fone issued a shareholder letter saying that `` the kahn slate has neither the experience nor the qualifications necessary '' to serve as directors . `` i think i did the right thing , '' he says. robert cullen had little choice about retiring when he returned to the u.s. last spring after serving in south korea for two years as a vice president of a general foods corp. affiliate . mr. shoemaker , a sales manager in southborough , mass. , served in vietnam in 1970 . his public appearance was postponed last week after he claimed a hazy memory or lack of knowledge of many financial details , according to persons familiar with the private sessions. although he served as interpreter between americans and iranians in the iran-contra affair , mr. hakim told investigators that he had difficulty understanding their questions , the sources say . terms were n't disclosed. lawrence chimerine , chairman of chase econometrics , will serve as chairman and chief executive officer . i now offered my services for any expansion of the chores recently laid upon me , anything in which i might help him out in his own work , even . dean shaftoe was for the time being serving as acting president . neither mr. wohlstetter nor mr. lemasters was available for additional comment , and a company spokesman declined to elaborate. mr. weber , 50 , had served as interim chief executive immediately after mr. napier 's resignation . treasury secretary james baker , who formerly held the post , and former transportation secretary drew lewis , currently chairman of union pacific corp. , have been mentioned as possible candidates. mr. baker is said to be reluctant and mr. lewis has told the white house he has no interest in serving on a full-time or long-term basis -- a situation two sources say the white house has accepted . as the next best expedient , hamilton proposed a chief executive chosen practically for life , holding the balance between the excitable body of the people on the one hand , and the minority of citizens of property and position on the other. the democratic lower house was to be elected directly by the people for a short term ; the senators , named by electors chosen by the people , should serve for life . as expected , richard p. rifenburgh resigned as gca 's chairman. pending the selection of a new chairman , anthony j. gumbiner , hallwood chairman ; brian m. troup , hallwood president , and james g. cairns , president of hallwood 's financial institutions group , will serve jointly in the office of gca chairman , the companies said . the exchange 's governing board includes 12 representatives from the public , 12 from the securities industry and the chairman. board members serve three-year terms and are limited to two consecutive terms . mei also said holders approved an amendment that limits directors ' liability for certain actions. a spokesman said mei sought the change to help it `` retain and attract quality individuals to serve on the board . '' symbolics inc. said it dismissed john w. gridley jr. as vice president , finance , treasurer and chief financial officer , because of `` differences in management style. '' the maker of computers used for artificial-intelligence software programming said thomas f. farb , a former treasurer and officer who has recently been a management consultant , will serve as acting treasurer and chief financial officer while symbolics searches for a successor to mr. gridley , who could n't be reached for comment . surely in an organization of nearly 400 members , we have more who are capable of holding office . i have served actively on the msb committee beginning as chairman of the open meeting last august . best known as the indefatigable , 73-year-old chief of w.r. grace & co. and as president reagan 's point man on cutting waste in government , mr. grace has also become indispensable to prelates and popes. `` the church feels very proud of peter grace , '' says the most rev. theodore e. mccarrick , a new jersey bishop serving on the board of the knights of malta . but , he adds , it also is more bombarded by sophisticated lobbying techniques , more confounded by such pressing fiscal problems as the federal budget deficit and more obsessed with political fund-raising -- awash in campaign cash. mr. owens served a single , two-year term at the end of the nixon administration . everything was faithfully copied from england ; there was nothing australian about it all except a few names like yarra and toorak and verandas , the only major concession made by british settlers to a sunnier clime . not that verandas were native to australia any more than sheep ; probably they were introduced by the military architect john watts , who had served in the west indies and was appointed to sydney in 1813 . it does not evaluate the system , nor does it consider important new trends . out of professor mace 's wide experience and extensive research ( he himself has served on a number of boards of directors ) , one would have had reason to hope for significant contributions to both of these areas . mr. hyde ( r , ill. ) serves on the house foreign affairs committee , and is the ranking minority member on the house intelligence committee . he made an economic study of sorts , concluded that augusta , georgia , could support a second radio station , and drove into town one day in 1940 with a couple of thousand dollars in savings . an officer of the augusta chamber of commerce put him in touch with some backers , and soon station wgac was on the air , with fuqua serving as manager and holding a small minority of the stock . no decisions involving life and death could ever come the way of the department of external affairs . the consciences of the men who served in it were not strained as were those of the stakes were hundreds of millions of lives and perhaps the world itself . he was scheduled to decide whether to retire or to continue at lower rank , for reasons unrelated to investigations into his role in the arms shipments to iran and the diversion of funds to nicaraguan rebels. adm. poindexter was temporarily promoted to three-star status while he served in the white house job . today , mission stations , as well as clinics and schools , operate throughout the 350 islands. though most of the doctors who serve abroad necessarily make their plans far ahead , many stand ready to go on the shortest notice when some crisis makes quick action imperative . nevertheless he accepted his destiny , was inaugurated on february 18 , 1861 , for the six-year term provided by the provisional constitution , and was wreathed with flowers by montgomery women , while the press reported , `` ... ten thousand hearts beat high with joy , admiration and hope. `` he would serve a little more than four years . the chances are that the man who becomes an fbi agent will stay on to make a career . among the bureau 's 6,000 agents , a total of nearly 80 per cent have been with the fbi for ten years or more and over 30 per cent have served for more than twenty years . technology stocks had a rough ride. traders said they saw some selling in these stocks early in the session , especially when the market tumbled quickly upon news that mr. volcker declined to serve a third term as fed chairman . they identify themselves with the poor , and thus open eyes to new hope. they build a community sawmill in alaska , serve as teachers , cooks and drivers on indian reservations . a minute urging members to give up their slaves was passed and a committee appointed to visit the slaveholders individually and to persuade them to surrender their human property . for two years john woolman served on that committee , using a warm and gentle persuasion that few could finally resist . in 1964 i campaigned on behalf of president lyndon b. johnson in three states , and in 1968 i not only worked vigorously for vice-president hubert h. humphrey in a frantic airplane caravan but also wrote his official campaign biography . in 1967 i served as secretary to the pennsylvania constitutional convention and helped engineer a revision which would bring pennsylvania into the forefront of states insofar as a modernized , constructive constitution was concerned . the other children were : edward baker ( mar. 10 , 1846-feb . 1 , 1850 ) , william wallace ( dec. 21 , 1850-feb . 20 , 1862 ) , and thomas or `` tad `` ( apr. 4 , 1853-july 15 , 1871 ) . in the years 1847-49 lincoln served one term in congress , where he had the distinction of being the only whig from illinois . before concentrating on health-care management in 1976 by starting his own consulting firm , dr. pesch established himself in academic and government service. he taught at the university of chicago and northwestern university , among other schools , and served as dean of the medical school at the state university of new york in buffalo . i did n't believe it , but ... `` no one had stepped forward in protest , and most of the men started brooding about the incident only after they left the company or returned to their homes in the united states . larry colburn later bumped into some gi 's at fort hood , texas , who had served in other units of task force barker at the time of my lai 4 . this says that anyone who holds a government position has to wait one year before representing clients before the agency where he worked. so lawyers who serve as special prosecutors ( and maybe their law partners ) are prohibited from representing clients in justice department cases . `` my mother is going to make the rounds with me until i get used to it . `` corrigan had served in the irish navy and after a while , wanting to see something of the world , he joined the american fleet . mr. brody will continue to be chief executive ; a successor as president has n't been named. previously , futures exchanges , unlike major stock exchanges , typically have elected exchange members to serve as part-time chairmen on a temporary basis . all the same , recent occupants of that famous house have n't had what i would call a happy time. the last one to serve two terms and leave with the plaudits of his fellow citizens was dwight eisenhower , and his first inauguration was nearly 35 years ago . while the settlements on the connecticut were multiplying , roger williams , the salem cleric , was asking embarrassing questions of the massachusetts bay elders. he disliked the idea that only church members could serve in government posts . in retrospect , dome , which acquired hudson 's bay oil at the peak of the oil market , paid too much. mr. maier joined transcanada , a natural gas pipeline concern , as president in 1985 after serving in a similar capacity for a much smaller company , bow valley industries ltd. , a calgary-based oil and gas producer . after most of the religious squabbling died down and mrs. hutchinson shook the dust of the new colony from her skirts to try again in new hampshire , the colony was organized as `` rhode island and the providence plantations . `` williams served as governor for three years , leaving that post before james ii took away the charter and tucked rhode island into the giant complex handed over to edmund andros . `` everybody is pushing him off the cliff , '' one senator said. the former cia officer assigned by mr. casey to work in the arms network was a highly regarded operator who headed cia operations in nicaragua and then served as a special assistant to the director in 1985 . mr. amerman came to mattel as international division president in 1980. he previously was president of the american chicle division of warner-lambert co. , morris plains , n.j. , having served before that in various marketing roles at the pharmaceuticals and consumer products concern . the colonel invited me to drive home with him , he wanted to speak to me on urgent business . the colonel had served with great distinction in the french army during the war of '70 and had been wounded at gravelotte . the 65-year-old native of chicago 's south side has come a long way. after serving as a navy torpedo-man in world war ii , his first job was as a clerk at an insurance concern in 1946 . hoover called special agent samuel p. cowley to his office and told him to take charge of the hunt for dillinger . cowley was a big man , thirty-four years old , and a former lawyer who once had served as a missionary in the mormon church . canadians just do n't take to venture capital entrepreneurial situations like americans . `` however , walsh , who serves in the electronics div . of canada 's dept. of industry , trade and commerce , believes that things are improving . apparently there would have been many like us , so concerned that we would have done whatever was legal to ensure the safety of our nation . the knowledge dissipated any apprehension i felt about the propriety of my serving as president of my state 's electoral college . washington was the great-grandson of john washington , who had migrated to virginia during cromwell 's regime . none of his ancestors had been devoted to the military life , although his half-brother lawrence had served with admiral edward vernon in 1741 in fleet and land actions against cartagena , a spanish port on the caribbean . thomas bond , an independent options market maker , was unanimously nominated by local directors of the chicago board options exchange to serve as vice chairman and chairman of the executive committee for 1988 . dr. debetaz ' statue has been placed on the lawn in front of headquarters , alongside the driveway . a plaster replica is on display at colgate university , where henry a. colgate , president of the seeing eye from 1940 until his death in 1957 served as a trustee . general foods corp. named james w. mcvey , president of its oscar mayer foods corp. subsidiary , to the additional post of chief executive officer of the unit , effective jan. 1. he succeeds jerry m. hiegel , 59 years old , who will remain chairman of oscar mayer until may 1 , after which he will serve as a consultant to the company . president reagan had wanted mr. shad to stay on as chairman , according to administration sources. but mr. shad , who already has served longer than any of his 21 predecessors , declined , saying he would prefer an ambassadorship or another post . but the investor agreed to give 193,827 northview shares to the government as part of his settlement with the sec. in a statement , northview said mr. fabiani will serve as acting chairman and chief executive officer until it can find a permanent successor to mr. boesky . others contend that in practice , mr. oliver 's emphasis on self-regulation by business means that hardly any enforcement actions are taken. `` for a real skeptic of any government intervention '' such as mr. oliver , `` there has to be lots and lots of evidence before he will agree to file a case , '' says mark leddy , a former deputy assistant attorney general who served in both the reagan and carter administrations . directors also returned william s. paley to the chairman 's post. he stepped down from that position in 1983 , but recently had been serving as acting chairman . so he put the foreign officers , whom he trusted , in command at the gates flattering them and making them gifts of costly garments . a young scot , david butler , served for pay as ensign on the anchored orel . he wishes you to teach him how you fought like that ! `` with kennart serving as interpreter , the job of getting the sleds aboard the ship moved more smoothly than the new yorkers expected . to a large extent it is the consumer who bears the burden of the tax. the farmer , the manufacturer , and the merchant serve as agents of the taxing authority , collecting the vat from their customers and remitting the appropriate share to the government . your article of jan. 14 says britain 's royal marines do n't get the respect they deserve , and that may be the case among those who know no better. but my observation from participating in exercises with them , backed up without exception by conversations with generations dating from the korean war to the present , is that u.s. marines would rather serve alongside the royal marines than any other outfit . neither mr. hayes nor howard weitzman , the lead defense attorney , could be reached for comment. donald bryce , a chrysler corp. engineering supervisor who served as jury foreman , said in a telephone interview yesterday that almost from the start of deliberations dec. 10 , three jurors believed mr. de lorean should be convicted for allegedly converting to his own use more than $ 8.5 million raised to develop his sports car . gen. john r. galvin was named to succeed gen. bernard rogers as the north atlantic treaty organization 's supreme allied commander in europe and commander-in-chief of u.s. forces there. gen. galvin , who has been considered the front-runner for the job , served for the past two years as commander-in-chief of the u.s. southern command , based in panama . winter park police said they are continuing to search for a former philip crosby employee who was in a position to transfer corporate funds by wire. the company identified the suspect as john c. nelson , who until about a month ago served as vice president and director of finance for crosby associates international , a unit of philip crosby . they all had menial jobs and malcolm felt that elijah muhammad and his work could be further ahead if he had his sons around him to help. supposedly they would serve in administrative capacities form a cadre around their father . it was no solution to the problem when in 1698 the king , deciding there were too many governors and too many colonies , tied all the new england provinces , new york , and new jersey into one huge territory . the earl of bellomont , then serving as governor of new york , would assume the combined command . col. gadd was part of the arms network. after retiring from the military in 1983 , gen. secord served for a period on a special operations advisory panel used by mr. koch when he was at the pentagon . `` one of our dearest hopes is that frank can use his ties to weinberger to get arms control on track , '' one administration official says. mr. carlucci served under mr. weinberger as deputy secretary of defense in the first reagan term . he was a reporter and an editor during the stewardship of the late bernard kilgore , who helped build the journal into a national newspaper. mr. guilfoyle served as commodity editor of the journal and later as latin american correspondent . they kept themselves well protected from whatever might happen . `` peter winnen , an english major , had come to kent after serving as a forward artillery observer in vietnam . federal asset sale guidelines generally require that the securities be taxable and sold without recourse to the government. park benjamin , managing director for manufacturers ' municipal securities group , says `` in the near term revenues ( from serving as asset sales adviser or underwriter ) wo n't be terribly great , but over the next two years the business will be of growing significance '' as the federal government sells more loans . he proposed that the cia purchase the equipment , some of which , he indicated , had been bought from the u.s. air force originally under special `` proprietary arrangements. '' though the report did n't deal with the matter , intelligence sources have identified gen. secord as part of a network of former air force officers who served as private clandestine contractors for the government . congress has given him a commission as major general an honorary rank of course . he insists on serving without pay . `` paul j. schierl , chairman of fort howard paper co. , was named a director of this member bank of the federal reserve system. he succeeds leon t. kendall , chairman of morgan guaranty insurance corp. , who served the maximum two full terms on the board . it appeared as though boyd was being made the scapegoat for chrysler 's collapse , despite statements to the contrary by townsend and by boyd himself . replacing boyd was townsend 's long-time protege , john j. riccardo , a forty-five-year-old accountant who had served as group vice president of the u.s. and canadian automotive division , the third-ranking position in chrysler 's hierarchy . interested parties are advised , therefore , to consult their terminal suppliers on this subject . ( mr. power is a partner in the international accounting and consulting firm of touche ross & co. , where he is director of services to commercial industries . previously he was with univac and served for 14 years as an officer in the u.s. air force . the report urged a grass-roots drive to teach americans their obligation to pay taxes. `` people just do n't feel guilty enough when they do n't fill out their tax return properly , '' says mr. calkins , who served on the commission . perhaps he was fortunate , for few men live most of their lives with an idol that remains unshattered . he became secretary of war under the articles of confederation and then served in washington 's cabinet , hiding whatever inner man there was under a facade of jolly fat-man mirth . mr. loeffler , a lawyer , was appointed in 1973 as trustee of equity funding after the financial services company collapsed as the result of massive fraud in its principal insurance subsidiary. he served until 1976 , when a reorganized equity funding emerged from bankruptcy law proceedings as orion capital corp . although mr. smith had earlier had two heart attacks and a stroke , he has had to go to work part-time. the three top officers of diamond/obie were : barton greenberg , the 44-year-old chairman who founded the companies in 1973 ; leslie a. lupovich , 35 , who served as vice president and secretary-treasurer ; and gary l. mitchell , 51 , who started as a consultant for the companies in 1980 and ended up as president . custer hired her as his personal `` mess-moll . `` an orphaned hobbledehoy called johnnie cisco served as general custer 's tableboy , groom , and valet , and preferred sacking out with custer 's pack of prize hounds and horses rather than in a tent of his choice . guillermo faura , commandant of peru 's river gunboat fleet . admiral faura and i had been shipmates in the late 1940 's , when i served on detachment from the u.s. navy as gunnery advisor to the peruvian navy . computerland 's mr. waters said the warburg group 's announcement is `` welcome news '' at the company , which has had to contend with significant upheavals in the personal computer market as well as the worrisome dispute between mr. millard and micro/vest. mr. millard formerly served as computerland 's chairman and chief executive officer until september 1985 , when he stepped aside following the micro/vest verdict . `` i am non-violent , `` he says. `` last spring i watched the rotc fellows training , and i respected them for their willingness to serve in uniform , as i had . and yesterday , it earned the cigar-smoking , 48-year-old mr. price the appointment as managing director for government loan sales in manufacturers ' investment banking unit. a 14-year veteran of the nation 's fourth-largest banking company , mr. price has served in a variety of jobs , including government relations and as overseer of the company 's non-bank activities. before joining the bank , he served in the nixon administration as special assistant to the president for urban and rural affairs . he was replaced as chairman by robert slater , who is now also national liberty 's chief operating officer ; he had been chief executive of john hancock mutual life until 1970 . later that year he served briefly as president of the faltering investors overseas services . mr. scott resigned because of `` a longstanding prior commitment. '' graham kennedy , a senior executive of james capel , a london stockbrokerage , and chairman of the london stock exchange 's quotations committee , will continue to serve as an investigator . these youth juries learn , first , to think for themselves ; second , that the law is the same for everyone ; third , to take responsibility not only for their own actions but for those of their youth group ; and , finally , that there is no racial discrimination in a court of law. we have on our high school juries indians , negroes , and whites ; any student who wants to is free to serve . `` it was highly to the credit of the u.s. that her frigates were of better make and armament than any others ; it always speaks well for a nation 's energy and capacity that her implements of warfare are of superior kind : this is a perfectly legitimate reason for pride. '' u.s. naval policy during the war was aimed at lifting the wrongful and embarrassing impressment of seamen serving on american merchant ships , whom the crown claimed as its own subjects . but the navajos want to be more a part of the united states as well . during the past decade , two navajos have served in the new mexico legislature . eleven of the tpa patients bled , only three of them seriously. dr. gold , who also serves as a consultant for genentech , asserts that further angina studies may lead to a role for tpa in preventing heart attack . mr. gardner , professor of law at columbia , served as u.s. ambassador to italy from 1977 to 1981 . perhaps the divisions within the contras ' political world are best illustrated by the position of mr. robelo. while he says `` reforms are moving ahead , '' he adds that it is doubtful he 'll be able to continue to serve on the directorate when a reconstituted uno legislative assembly elects the new seven-man board sometime this month or next . it produces tv programs about nuclear proliferation , population control and the environment , and it allows mr. turner to attend board meetings with jimmy carter and jacques cousteau 's son. it also interests mr. turner 's former pilot and current female companion , j.j. ebaugh , who serves as a liaison between the society and turner broadcasting . at the time , the administration cited executive privilege for refusing to give lawmakers various internal epa documents relating to the `` superfund '' program to clean up toxic-waste dumps. the independent counsel 's filings contend that mr. meese , who served as white house counselor at the time , also played a role in the controversy and therefore should n't have the final word on the scope of the current investigation . mr. johnson has had the support of the board and of mr. sticht , so powerful a director that some say he has been unofficial chairman all along. this is n't the first time mr. sticht has been plucked from the board to serve in a larger role . wyman-gordon , a maker of forgings for the defense and aerospace industries , has been looking for a new president and chief executive since december , when 63-year-old richard bullock took early retirement for health reasons. since then , chairman joseph r. carter , 68 , has been serving as chief executive . but reinforcements reached the confederates in the nick of time from the shenandoah valley . the first fresh rebel units to arrive were led by an eccentric mathematics professor from virginia military institute , thomas j. jackson , now serving as a brigadier general under lieutenant general joseph e. johnston . gordon macklin has structured the board to represent all groups that could have any conceivable concern about the condition of the marketplace. i have served with such men as bill mcgowan of mci and dick west , dean of new york university 's school of business . at the school , i asked several children what they wanted to be when they grew up. always they said , `` i will serve anywhere the revolution needs me . '' we have been on the project for six years , and the first brick has yet to be laid . many companies now closely supervise the management of their pension and profit-sharing trust investments , and if you have had experience in this field you might consider serving as one of the trustees of such funds after retirement . it was occasioned in 1983 by the ascension of yuri andropov to the post of general secretary. no doubt aware of mr. ligachev 's reputation as a strict disciplinarian , mr. andropov brought him to moscow to serve as a secretary of the central committee . `` i do not see myself as an emissary of any group or faction , `` he says , `` but i want to make sure that the corporation is responsible to the broader community . `` catherine b. cleary , fifty-five , president of first wisconsin trust co. , serves on several boards . he became an instructor at harvard in 1939 , an associate professor in 1945 , and professor of japanese history in 1950 . during world war ii he served with the rank of lieutenant colonel in the military intelligence service of the war department general staff , and he was awarded the legion of merit . being state organizations , they were subject to the orders of the state governors. in the war of 1812 half of the militia , especially those of new england , refused to serve . mark d. grossi , 34 , was named president , succeeding mr. baylor. mr. grossi , who formerly served as executive vice president and chief financial officer of transohio savings bank , cleveland , also will serve as first american 's chief operating officer . greyhound , which offered the early retirement option to 90 employees , earlier had reduced sharply its total employment from last year 's 35,922 with the $ 350 million sale of greyhound lines inc. greyhound lines employed about 8,000. mr. nageotte , a 40-year veteran of greyhound , continues as a consultant to the company and will serve as a director of greyhound lines , now owned by a dallas-based investment group led by fred g. currey . it was benton 's last night on the line . he had served his year and was to be flown by helicopter to a rear area in the morning to be processed out . in addition , one lawmaker sympathetic to col. north said the panels also have learned that he used the traveler 's checks to give a `` bonus '' of about $ 1,000 to an associate , robert owen , when mr. owen was married more than a year ago. mr. owen , who served as a courier between col. north and leaders of mr. calero 's nicaraguan democratic force , resumes his testimony before the committees today . a montenegran like milovan djilas , vukmanovic has been a communist since 1935 . he served as member of the supreme partisan headquarters and central committee , as tito 's partisan chief in macedonia , and at war 's end as chief of the political administration of the army . mr. heineman , 43 years old , has been managing partner of the washington office of sidley & austin , a chicago law firm. he previously served as assistant secretary for planning and evaluation in the former department of health , education and welfare and as executive assistant to the secretary . this old soldier of fortune , an honored graduate of columbia college , began his stormy career as an indian fighter on the midwestern frontier . kearny , whose left arm was blown off during the mexican war , also served as military attache with the french army in italy and algeria , twice winning the legion d'honneur . having contributed generously to european recovery when times were bad , the american government was naturally anxious not to be left out in the cold now that they were good . in the presidential election of 1960 a young democrat , john f. kennedy , had been chosen to succeed the elderly republican , general dwight d. eisenhower , who had served two , four-year terms . separately , a senior administration official said that the administration may decide this week on a new chairman of the federal home loan bank board this week. the top contenders are danny wall , minority staff director of the senate banking committee , and philip winn , a colorado real estate developer who formerly served as assistant secretary of housing and urban development . mr. mcpherson would succeed richard darman , who resigned in april to become an investment banker. in the treasury 's no. 2 position , mr. mcpherson , who served in the white house under president ford , would be expected to work closely with secretary james baker on international economic policy , including the third world debt problem . this was a follow-up of an idea outlined by winston churchill at strasbourg , for a force to be known as the european defense community , recruited from the nations of western europe. all the units of this international army would serve under a single high command , bear a single banner , be armed with standardized weapons and wear the same uniform . i want to be useful to the m. o. b. , not just win . my opponent has served long and well . why should i go help the white man kill other dark people while he 's still killing us here at home ? `` i could n't help thinking about my son who is serving as a tank gunner in vietnam . the company has been the subject of recent inquiries by u.s. diplomatic officials in europe , and is viewed with annoyance by a much larger spanish military consortium with a similar name in madrid. jose garnel , a principal in the lisbon company , had served as the portugal agent for such major weapons makers as colt industries inc. , new york . one of the ablest officers it has been my pleasure to know in recent times , lt. gen. colin powell , is the new deputy. i have no doubt he will serve with the highest distinction , yet it seems to me a disservice to place him in what will inevitably be a compromising position. no matter that he is a man of the highest integrity , certain to reject illegal actions in support of even the most worthy of policy objectives , he , and the other military officers who serve on that staff , will be confronted with the need to make judgments about national-security policy that can not be removed from the pressures of domestic politics . they added that it is unlikely anything would be made public because of `` the delicate nature of the case. '' the u.s. archbishop , who has served as bodyguard and advance man during the many foreign trips of pope john paul ii , has long been investigated in connection with $ 1.3 billion in loans made by banco ambrosiano to 10 overseas `` dummy '' companies controlled by the ior . if he has first admired the carriages that drive past him in the champs-elysees , on a fine afternoon , he will end by coveting them . eugene had unconsciously served his apprenticeship by the time he went home for his vacation , after taking his degree of bachelor of letters and bachelor of laws . once a week , though , they were allowed to sleep in the same room. saburo was waiting for the october twenty-sixth tenri fall festival , and after he spoke to his mother there , arrangements for the marriage with yakichi to serve as matchmaker would be completed . aspen specializes in full text computer storage and retrieval of information , including the statutes of the 50 states and related federal codes ... albert a. hazan , one of the founders of courier terminal systems , phoenix-based manufacturer of ibm-compatible crt display terminals and terminal printers , has been named to the new post of assistant to the president of the company . he had been serving as director of marketing ... urs systems corp. , san mateo , calif. , has appointed joseph c. vierra president of its urs data sciences co. division . mr. hammer is the paradigmatic example of chutzpah ; he has overcome career obstacles that would have felled lesser men. a lifelong sovietophile , he has served as a self-described emissary between the u.s. and every soviet leader since lenin , except stalin , whom he describes as an awful person ( nevertheless , between stalin and trotsky , mr. hammer prefers stalin ) . temuchin gained a reputation for being particularly tenacious and resourceful in battle , and generous to his supporters . he served for a period as a mercenary with the kin , fighting against his tribal enemies and building up his own following . he designed scores of products in his 25 years at henry dreyfuss associates , new york , before leaving to establish his own practice in rural connecticut six years ago. he has served as a designer or consultant to a who 's who of corporations , including most recently general motors corp. , ford motor co. , phillips corp. and texas instruments inc . battalion commanders ran their companies by radio. on the ground , where grunts spent a whole year ( marines , 13 months ) , green captains and lieutenants gave orders to line companies and platoons for six months -- enough time for a command ticket punch and an obligatory combat infantrymen 's badge , deserved or not -- before serving the last half of their vietnam tours in the rear . succeeding him as president of the pharmaceutical and health products concern will be george ebright , smithkline 's 49-year-old chief operating officer. mr. ebright will serve as operations chief , as well as president , smithkline said . edwin v.w. zschau , founder and former chairman of this maker of data storage and printer products , was again named chairman , succeeding eugene r. white. mr. white , 55 years old , remains a director and consultant for the company , as well as serving in his other duties as chairman of amdahl corp. mr. zschau , 47 , most recently completed two terms as a u.s. representative from the 12th congressional district of california . pakistan 's prime minister announced a new , smaller cabinet consisting of ministers who had served in the government that resigned saturday following riots in karachi . there was nothing to do but to have a swim at santa lucia at sunrise and to return to the slums with a cool head but still trembling with fear. in the afternoon my offer to serve on the staff of the cholera hospital of santa maddalena was accepted . then captain glenn , a stickler for regulations ; captain johnston , fair but easily persuaded ; captain gregory , do n't know much about him ; captain jarvis , hard but fair , he came up from the lower deck as you did ; captain kersey , old man now , but still alert ; and captain macallester , he 's a bear if there ever was one . `` merewether had met all of them at one time or another , and had served two years as a second lieutenant under kersey . making music is only part of the music director 's job. mr. wolff also serves as a public spokesman for the orchestra . chairman john mckean made the announcement at the board 's meeting yesterday , but refused to comment further. other board members said they expect mr. mckean to serve out his term as a board member until december 1991 . phil o'bannion come by on his pony then . his father was a sergeant too , but not like pa. pa had been a sergeant since the war and had served with colonel padgett right on through the whole trouble . he was a civilian , but his posture was military . he had served in two world wars . look what harley dann 's done with the office. `` `` harold , `` fitzpatrick said , `` he can serve as my vice president for two terms and then run for president in his own right . thieu 's report immediately set off another round of political infighting . senator tran van don , a leading opponent of thieu who also served as chairman of the senate defense committee , announced on november 25 that he would conduct his own investigation into the affair . the colony looked to 23-year-old george washington for protection. frantic letters from the politicians at williamsburg arrived at mount vernon , asking if he would be willing to serve on the frontier . a six-year-old malawi girl may lead a breakthrough in south africa 's school apartheid by becoming the first black child to be admitted to a white school. her name is chipo , eldest daughter of the first black ambassador to serve in south africa , mr. joe kachingwe of malawi . as part of this overall strategy , oliver `` buck '' revell , one of the fbi 's executive assistant directors and a confidant of mr. webster , was taken off the iran-contra investigation weeks ago. mr. revell previously served with fired white house aide oliver north on two of the administration 's high-level anti-terrorism committees , and lt. col. north reportedly asked him in october to sidetrack the southern air probe . the president was worried and anxious and many a night looked forward to the peace of mount vernon. `` but you must serve again , mr. president ! `` men exclaimed , when he spoke of being through with his work . a good deal of money was spent , but all that resulted in washington 's lifetime was the production of some cypress shingles . about this same time , washington was elected vestryman for truro parish , where his father had served . unpleasant as the cuts have been in the short term , ivorians seem willing to make even more sacrifices. `` they are determined to stay on course , '' says pierre bonneil , an expatriate frenchman who serves as the chief financial officer of the blohorn group , the ivory coast 's biggest producer of consumer goods . separately , geac said robert k. isserstedt , 45 years old , a director , was named president. he succeeds william bearisto , 49 , who resigned last month after serving as president for about six months . mr. ballantine is a principal with peat , marwick , mitchell & co. from 1983 to 1985 he served as an associate director for economic policy at the office of management and budget . when latendresse was thirteen a neighboring priest took him out of the orphanage and raised him in his own presbytere in a village on the shore of the lower st. lawrence . he read all the priest 's books , he studied wood-carving and became skilful at carving images of saints for the church ; he served as an altar boy and when older he entered a seminary . ducommun inc. 's w. donald bell resigned after serving as president for slightly more than a year . alfred h. marks is professor of english at the state university of new york at new paltz and editor in chief of the quarterly literature east & west . he began learning japanese at army schools during world war ii and served as fulbright senior lecturer in american literature at kanazawa university , japan , in 1965-6 . this tribute to lincoln 's manhood , which came in spite of his freedom from the vices of the gang , seems to have been in part a recognition of his prowess in competitive sport , especially wrestling , and in part a pure matter of personal attachment . in 1834 lincoln was chosen to the state legislature ; and he served during four successive terms ( 1834-41 ) , first at vandalia , the old capital , and later at springfield . each year the board nominates and elects a new group to replace approximately one-third of the members who have completed their terms of office. the invitation is issued on the basis of the need of the organization for specific professional and personal competence in a given field ; members serve as individuals , not as representatives of their organization or institution . messrs. hettleman and sommers served on merritt 's board until the thrift collapsed . he himself stayed with his father-in-law the king and had half the kingdom while he lived and the whole of it after his death . there was once a scotsman and an englishman and an irishman serving in the army together , who took it into their heads to run away . mr. gates is believed to have testified to a senate committee that lt. col. north mentioned an iran-contra connection during an october luncheon with mr. casey. former republican sen. john tower of texas , who also has served as mr. reagan 's strategic arms negotiator , and sen. malcolm wallop ( r. , wyo. ) , also have been mentioned , officials said . instead , dr. bowen was allowed to turn over the project to his chief of staff , thomas r. burke , a career civil servant. the two men became close associates when mr. burke served as executive director of a 1982-84 advisory council on medicare that dr. bowen chaired . how would you like to go out with me and look the region over ? we would go beyond where we served with braddock . `` in many areas , negroes worked for the army as laborers , teamsters , wagoners , cooks , servants and laundresses . fugitive slaves often served as guides for yankee troops unfamiliar with certain regions . ridenhour was discharged and returned to phoenix in early december , 1968 , intent on doing something about the shootings at my lai 4 . he had served well in vietnam , both as a helicopter door gunner and as a team leader of long-range patrol groups . but they became close friends. mr. goldblith , aided by mr. ayukawa , later spearheaded many of mit 's ties with japan and now serves as an adviser to paul gray , mit 's president. mr. ayukawa , a prominent japanese venture capitalist , serves on mit 's board of directors . congress imposed restrictions on his salary -- and on the salaries of the seven other commissioners -- after a critical general accounting office audit found that mr. pendleton in 1985 had billed the commission for nearly $ 70,000 in salary for what has traditionally been viewed as a part-time job. with four months remaining in the federal fiscal year , mr. pendleton has left only about 15 of the 125 days that congress has allowed him to serve with compensation this year . women 's groups are again pushing an equal rights amendment. and a group of prominent moderates favors longer terms for members of congress and permitting legislators to serve in the cabinet . the group has links to islamic jihad , the moslem extremist group blamed for the assassination of president anwar sadat at a military parade in 1981. although the charges were announced last week , the young officers were arrested july 25 while serving in technical jobs in different units , the spokesman said . mr. carberry also argued the only insider-trading case the u.s. attorney 's southern district has lost : the trial of thomas c. reed , a former special assistant to president reagan for national security affairs. mr. reed , who served in the white house from 1982 to 1983 , was acquitted last year of charges in connection with a stock-option trade he made in 1981 as a private investor . those things , however , have become beside the point , according to guido bagotta. he is italy 's and , perhaps , all of europe 's , leading authority on football by virtue of his having done the play-by-play for five super bowls on italian national tv , and serving as editor of `` pro bowl , '' an italian magazine devoted to the sport . the european parliament wants ec governments to take an even harder line , with retroactive dumping duties and preemptive tariffs against new products like satellite-tv receivers. `` while we may practice free trade at this end , they do n't do so in japan and they do n't have any intention of doing so , '' says james moorhouse , a briton who serves as the european parliament 's one-man subcommittee on japanese trade . the indictment accuses w. franklyn chinn , mr. meese 's former personal financial adviser whom he entrusted with his family 's savings in 1985 , of conspiring with others to defraud wedtech and to violate securities and exchange commission reporting requirements involving a 1986 stock offering by the company. mr. chinn , who served as a wedtech consultant and later as a director , was accused of helping conceal the purposes of some payments from the company to mr. wallach . then he tore the treaty to pieces . `` gentlemen , `` he said , `` i had the pleasure of serving with your armed forces throughout two years of world war one . william bernstein , executive vice president at orion , dismissed speculation that there may be a fight for control of the company , saying that `` these are not strangers to us -- we 've known all these people a long time. '' john kluge , metromedia 's chairman , and three viacom executives serve on orion 's board . mr. meese said at a news conference that mr. reagan soon will issue an executive order giving the board authority over everything from designing international drug eradication efforts to recommending future budget priorities. health and human services secretary otis bowen will serve as the board 's vice chairman . he wiped away finch 's web of special assistants in favor of a small personal staff of trusted aides , many of whom he had worked with or had known for years . perhaps because he had served at hew before , richardson had no fear of the career bureaucrats . caesars world , which last year turned down mr. sosnoff 's request for a seat on the board , retained drexel burnham lambert inc. to help study the offer. although drexel traditionally has served as its investment banker , the firm also has represented mr. sosnoff before . he spent most of his time caring for the make-believe illnesses of men who wanted time off . the boatswain had served on a whaler , and tried without success to apply the tough rules of whaling ships to the men under him . arthur 's first case was a man with grotesquely swollen limbs . `` well , my man , you 've served in the army i see , `` bell snapped . another son , w.j. timken , is director of human resource development. the senior mr. timken had been elected to serve until april of next year . he too fathered a whole dynasty of violin-makers . he served his apprenticeship in vienna , and settled in prague after some years of travelling as a journeyman . to replace these executives , nassos michas , senior vice president for broker-dealer services of merrill lynch capital markets , and head of the firm 's clearing operation , also will assume responsibility for the firm 's mortgage-backed security trading activities. mr. andres will serve as an adviser to mr. michas , officials said . thomas bond , an independent options market maker , was unanimously nominated by local directors of the chicago board options exchange to serve as vice chairman and chairman of the executive committee for 1988. mr. bond , 45 years old , would succeed gary p. lahey , who has served two terms as vice chairman , the cboe 's highest elected office , and is n't standing for reelection . lester einbender , 67 years old , was president and chief executive officer of this women 's apparel retailer until last year. he most recently served as executive vice president of the company . colleagues describe him as a active conservative whose friends include former u.n. ambassador jeane kirkpatrick and norman podhoretz , editor in chief of `` commentary. '' he helped finance gop maverick lewis lehrman 's abortive run for governor of new york , and he serves on president reagan 's general advisory committee on arms control and disarmament . he had a cast in his right eye which made it blind , and he was rejected. determined to serve , he succeeded in joining the merchant marine . he retired in march 1913 to the campus of his beloved yale as kent professor of constitutional law . during the world war he served as joint-chairman of the national war labor board . mr. griesemer , 56 years old , is president of griesemer stone co. of springfield , mo. , and headed the postal board 's financial and audit committee before his appointment as chairman. mr. coughlin , 46 , previously was senior assistant postmaster general for operations support and has served as a regional postmaster general and in several top positions at postal service headquarters . he has declined requests for comment , and it is n't clear what positions he would adopt on fed policy. mr. olsen is the leading candidate to serve the rest of mr. wallich 's term , which ends jan. 31 , 1988 . ruckelshaus is a republican party loyalist after mitchell 's own heart , a member of a well-to-do catholic family long prominent in indiana legal and political circles . his grandfather had served as a g. o. p. county chairman in indianapolis , and his father , who was a prominent lawyer in the city , attended every national convention from warren harding 's time until 1960 . the judge declined to discuss why he replaced mr. jacobsen , who had been appointed last june to an 18-month term. judge ackerman also named an associate trustee , frank jackiewicz , a 45-year-old member of the teamsters who has served as shop steward , vice president and secretary/treasurer of teamsters local 843 . mr. carlucci has recruited grant green , a former aide from his pentagon stint , as executive secretary. he will name peter rodman , a current council staff member and former aide to henry kissinger , to serve as counsellor , administration sources said . in 1879 he was made the first director of the smithsonian 's bureau of ethnology , which he founded . he had already helped to found the united states geological survey , under the department of the interior , and served as its second director . sen. daniel inouye and rep. lee hamilton , the newly appointed chairmen of the committees charged with investigating the iran-contra arms scandal , are as different in style as the senate and house in which they have served for more than two decades . he had led the little pilgrim army for more than thirty years and it had never been defeated . bradford died six months later , serving as governor almost to his final day . the 63-year-old mr. sprinkel is president reagan 's top adviser on a wide range of economic policy matters. a monetarist , he has served as chairman since the spring of 1985 and before that was treasury undersecretary for monetary affairs . then , with the rise of the great kurdish warrior saladin , the tide turned against them . saladin was brought up as a boy among the seljuks of northern syria and later served in egypt as commander in chief of the army . for this offence he languished in the tower for six weeks . later he served in the english fleet under lord sandwich and distinguished himself by his bravery . its million citizens descend from west africans brought here as slaves , indentured laborers from india and china , french planters , spanish adventurers , english merchants and even north americans . escaped negro slaves who served with the british during the war of 1812 were resettled in trinidad . moreover , bustamante and his advisors in guatemala city wisely encouraged this refusal by promising to upgrade the status of their governments in the hierarchy of town and city rankings and by granting choice appointments to the molinas of san vicente , the barroetas of san miguel , and the carcamos of santa ana. in addition , bustamante sent two prominent creoles from guatemala city to serve as peace emissaries ; one of them replaced the spanish-born intendant , who presumably had abused his authority at san salvador . however , two facts need correcting. first , sir john cowperthwaite served as financial secretary during 1961-71 , not as governor . here he spent six picturesque and formative years ( 1831-37 ) , working in the store of denton offutt till it `` petered out `` ; managing a mill ; conducting a store with w. f. berry , who died leaving a heavy debt ( $ 1,100 ) all of which lincoln finally paid ; splitting rails and doing odd jobs to earn a scant living ; acting as village postmaster ; traversing the county as deputy surveyor ; and all the while reading law , studying grammar , widening his acquaintance , following the trends of national politics , and laying the foundations for a wide personal influence . it was during this period that he served in the black hawk war , being unanimously elected captain by the men of his company . it is a mistake to place a military officer in such a position. no matter how professionally able , a military officer serving on the nsc staff must become , in some measure , a political animal. ( regrettably , politics also makes tight security very difficult to accomplish . ) mr. huelskoetter declined to comment. mr. walker most recently served as manager of international market development for a division of fmc corp. , the company said . at the former he set up william wollaston 's the religion of nature delineated ( 1725 ) which inspired him to write and print a refutation a dissertation on liberty and necessity , pleasure and pain ( 1725 ) , in which he presented , cleverly for a boy , the current theory of necessity . he returned to philadelphia in october 1726 , with mr. denham , a quaker merchant , in whose shop he served as clerk , learning accounts and becoming `` expert in selling . `` sons go off into the world , daughters to study in europe , and other family members to work in africa , asia , and the islands of the pacific. our own elder daughter writes from the rural philippines , where she and her husband and four sons serve under a mission board . president reagan brought an experienced political operator to the new white house team by naming kenneth duberstein his deputy chief of staff. mr. duberstein , currently vice president of the big washington consulting firm timmons & co. , served in the ford administration and in the first reagan term , where for two years he headed the white house legislative affairs office . john lives in upper montclair , new jersey . jack graduated from princeton university , later served in the navy in world war ii , and has worked in various fields of industrial engineering . at least one of the difficulties wilcox encountered the view that an executive 's retirement reduces his value as a director appears to be receding. a growing number of chief executives are looking for men around sixty-two to serve as directors from their retirement until around seventy . alleghany said mr. kirby , chairman , and allan p. kirby jr. , a director , intend to vote their shares , about 21.6 % of the common outstanding , in favor of the plan. the company also said it expects that its current directors and principal executives will continue to serve in the new company . of course , there is another side to the story , too . in seattle , four judges rotate serving six-month terms in juvenile court . dr. h. h. powers has put all these things and many more , humorous and tragic , into a book for our entertainment . `` ( walkabout , melbourne ) in 1967 eduardo mallea began a novelistic trilogy , the first part entitled la barca de hielo ( `` the boat of ice `` ) . in this book one of the secondary characters was a man named adhemar ribas who served as a family biographer . mr. brant , the government charges , passed some of the information on to mr. clark , who is charged with making $ 453,000 in illegal trading profits. mr. brant is expected to serve as a government witness at mr. clark 's trial . messrs. wright and byrd have served in congress since the 1950s , and they spent four years together in the house . my chief service to the m. o. b. so far has been on the legislative committee , and as student division president . serving as student division president has taught me much about the m. o. b. and given me a good insight into its day-to-day operation . moreover , industry sources warn , demand for some opec oil next month may be close to nil. `` there is a crisis of confidence '' in opec 's ability to maintain its price and production agreement , said nordine ait-laoussine , managing director of nalcosa , a geneva , switzerland , oil consultant who served as senior opec delegate for algeria in the past . he previously was president of lockheed-california. -- ben r. rich , 62 , who also will serve as general manager of advanced development projects , which generally are classified defense programs . another texan , economist george w. rogers , still is being considered , but `` it looks like kelley is it '' because of the powerful treasury chief 's backing , an official said. mr. kelley probably will be nominated to serve the rest of mr. rice 's term , which ends jan. 31 , 1990 . we can support on the local level what the national federation of the blind is doing on a national level . i have enjoyed serving on the legislative and scholarship committees . i have also served as secretary of the student division . for reasons not entirely clear , though washington 's knowledge of the country and the influence of dinwiddie are the probable explanations , braddock offered washington the position of aide on his staff. his military ambitions were still alive and this opportunity to serve under a professional soldier appealed to him . dante c. fabiani , who last week was named acting chairman and chief executive of northview , will remain a director , the company said. northview , an owner and operator of hotels , said mr. loeffler also will serve in the new position of president , which replaces a three-member office of the president . some companies -- concerned about their ability to attract and keep directors in light of growing litigation against directors and the difficulty in getting adequate liability coverage -- have been adopting similar proposals. dun & bradstreet said , however , that to date , it has n't had any difficulty attracting people to serve as directors . he was a rhodes scholar and attended oxford university in england for three years , where he received a law degree . during world war ii he served overseas with the 4th canadian armored division and after the war was a member of the canadian war crimes unit . in his teens he fought with the night squads , then took charge of training underground officers . during the israeli war of independence in 1948-49 , he served as chief of operations , and liked to line the walls of his operations room with ancient roman maps of his country . administration sources said col. north 's boss , then national security adviser john poindexter , became concerned about col. north 's contra aid network in august and tried to ease col. north out of his role as overseer of the administration 's central american policies. although col. north had served as the administration 's chief liaison to the contras since 1984 , adm. poindexter assigned another nsc staffer to attend the cia briefing for the president in september , administration officials said . mr. menges served president reagan as a special assistant for national-security affairs from 1983-86 . in 1974 , mr. owens was a vocal member of the house judiciary committee that approved three articles of impeachment 10 days before president nixon resigned. but in 1987 , mr. owens says he would n't have served on the iran-contra panel , even if he had been asked . the sleeves were made of old family lace , the veil of tulle . mortimer rodgers was the best man and dick 's two best friends , larry hart and herbert fields , served as ushers . but oil specialists say the effect of the rift between saudi arabia and iran is likely to intensify later in the year , as the organization of petroleum exporting countries ' full conference in december draws near. indeed , the vulnerabilities of the cartel could be `` somewhat exacerbated by the confrontation '' between saudi arabia and iran , said james schlesinger , senior adviser to shearson lehman brothers inc. and former secretary of defense and of energy , who also served as director of the central intelligence agency . in 1822 a joint meeting of the legislature nominated him for the presidency , and other states soon followed . he was also reelected to congress , where he served from 1823 to 1825 , being again the choice of that body for speaker . first city 's problems underscore the severity of the recession in texas , and is a blow to the stature of one of houston 's founding corporate families. first city 's fortunes have been tied to texas 's booms and busts , and especially in houston where the late judge james a. elkins , who served briefly as a county judge , founded the bank and a huge law firm . mr. blicher , 42 years old , will retain the position of chief operating officer. he succeeds aaron a. gold , who will continue to serve as chairman and chief executive officer , the financial services concern said . `` how will you ever make a book from all that ? `` to conan doyle , the knights who served under the banner of the royal plantagenets , and the bowmen they led , were like old friends . another american who represented several corporations in peking was harned pettus hoose , a los angeles attorney . hoose came with impressive credentials : he was raised in china by missionary parents , served there during world war ii , and speaks the peking dialect fluently . mr. bijur is a vice president of texaco and has been a director of the oil company 's 78 % -owned canadian unit since 1982. the company said mr. bijur has `` broad experience in marketing , public affairs and strategic planning , '' having served two years as assistant to texaco chairman john k. mckinley and handled several special assignments . `` in elementary school we learned the names of the eight states which sent the most representatives to congress and how many there were from our home state then all that went down the drain by the new reapportionment law . we learned all the presidents ' names and dates when they served , but we never found out what made the good presidents what way nor how bad presidents get into office . the way they see it , if people are going to invest in hong kong , they may as well invest in taiwan. '' mr. chan , who served on an advisory committee that helped draft the new regulations , said the rejection of hong kong led to contention between taiwan sec officials and investment advisers who consider the colony a lucrative market . sen. leahy began by urging judge sentelle 's wife and daughters not to miss the cherry blossoms. he told the judge , `` by all accounts that i have read , you served with a great deal of distinction in your home state . '' mr. fulton , 33 years old , is president of closely held fulton financial group , a pittsburgh-based investment company. as co-chairman , mr. fulton will serve with the current chairman , william levy , 37 . he is an associate professor at san fernando valley state college , teaching exercise , physiology , and scuba diving . he also serves as director of the human performance laboratory at san fernando valley state college . with a show of force the english troops overawed the dutch , stuyvesant capitulated , and the red cross of st. george went up along the hudson . new amsterdam became new york , with willet , a leyden saint , as its first english mayor , serving three years before returning to receive plymouth 's congratulations . whether she really wanted them or not remains uncertain . the little lame lady who passed her courageous life between a depressing home and various clubs and societies for emancipated women in which she served as secretary or manager remains the elusive sphinx of butler 's history . they had broken over that junior ministership , the first step on the ladder he knew she desired. pater did n't admire the minister and he could n't serve with a man whom he did n't respect . gen. henry knox forthwith raised the question of precedence , refusing to serve if the generals were ranked according to the order of washington 's published list . its members , elected on the basis of professional achievement , are mainly doctors and other health professionals but at least 25 % must be lawyers , economists , social scientists and other nonmedical professionals. in return for the honor of belonging , members serve without pay on study committees the institute sets up to examine important health issues or to answer specific congressional and agency requests for help . b. dalton said mr. riggio , 45 , chairman and chief executive officer of barnes & noble , will take over leadership of b. dalton when mr. swenson leaves. mr. swenson , who has been asked to serve as a consultant to b. dalton , said , `` it is important for the leadership to be in place when this important new juncture for the company is reached . '' what 's more , all the employees go to work together in one bus. caterpillar does not place many local people in positions of responsibility in its overseas subsidiaries , nor is the company particularly interested in importing foreign executives to serve in peoria . they gave me a corner in the school paper for my humor and poetry , and my own penciled newspaper , snap , was passed surreptitiously around the school and into the homes of my admirers . pop served his last session at the capitol that winter , for it was the beginning of the end of nonpartisan league control . paine was all enthusiasm , since whatever he might think of france at the present moment , he was convinced that the real enemy to the revolution of the world was the government of england. he told barere that he would not serve personally as a commissioner , even though he planned to return to america at the end of the year . oklahoma ! also invaded the world outside the united states . companies sprouted in europe , scandinavia , south africa , australia , and in every pacific area where american armed troops serving in world war ii were stationed . the text of in the beginning is from the book of genesis . a mezzo-soprano solo serves as narrato , and the story of the creation is told in antiphonal dialogue between the narrator and the people , as represented by the chorus . ordinary workers also participate in other managerial duties , such as helping to supervise financial operations and quality-control measures. some even serve alongside engineers in the development of new production machinery and techniques . joe hrudka , mr. gasket 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he will assume the additional responsibilities of president and chief operating officer. mr. hrudka , 48 , is the founder of mr. gasket and served as president before naming mr. braun to that job . the company 's reputation was forged by william la porte , chairman until 1981 , who was known both for holding the investment community in disdain and for his stern fiscal management. mr. stafford was hired by mr. la porte in 1970 to become american home 's general counsel , having previously served on the legal staff at hoffmann-la roche inc. `` la porte brought him into the inner circle very early , '' says a colleague , and in 1981 , when john w. culligan became chairman and chief executive , mr. stafford was made president . mr. moore , the 44-year-old son of the founder of this maker of industrial instruments , was also named to the newly created post of chief operating officer. as president , he succeeds e.g. rorke , 64 , who will continue to serve as chairman and chief executive officer . however , when jurors fail to reach a unanimous verdict , they can tell the judge they are hopelessly deadlocked. according to the court transcript , the misunderstanding came to light after judge cook dismissed the jurors and invited them into his chambers to `` thank ( them ) for having served . '' pullman-peabody , which is based in princeton , n.j. , was formed as a result of the merger. `` he was up against an extremely clever adversary and he won , hands down , '' recalls wilbur l. ross jr. , managing director of rothschild inc. , who served as investment banker to peabody international during the transaction . the first of these accidents was the absence from the kent campus of its chief administrator , dr. robert i. white. just before trouble broke out on friday night , may 1 , president white departed for mason city , iowa , to serve in his role as chairman of the board of the american college testing program . typical of the quaker work among the freedmen was that of cornelia hancock , a young hicksite quaker from hancock bridge , new jersey . cornelia became a civil war nurse when scarcely twenty , served on several famous battle fields , and worked among the contraband outside of washington . denounced and arrested , he was sent to prison. ( while there he wrote much of his finest poetry. ) a few years later , quat was reinstated and called back to officialdom to serve as a schoolmaster . two million american troops were hauled to europe by the navy without loss of a single life . other annapolis men served in patrol boats , mine layers and armed yachts . many served at the forty-five air stations in france , and some earned golden wings for flying in war missions . they both stood tall , men with wide shoulders and lean hips , young in years but seasoned a rocky hard by the frontier. two years the older , del had less than six months left to serve with the cavalry , after which he would come to the wagonwheel to go partners on the stock ranch there . mr. olsen , reached at his connecticut home last night , declined to comment. but it 's possible , officials said , that nobody would be named to serve out the wallich term because there would be little time left once the nominee had passed security clearances and senate confirmation . he succeeds carl l. randolph , 64 , who is retiring after 17 years in the position. mr. randolph will continue to serve as vice chairman . the reason for the retirement , which is effective jan. 9 , was n't given. mr. probst will continue to serve as special consultant to unisys , the company said . while we can not at this time point to any really victorious gains at this time , yet due to the severe pressure applied , no doubt , there appears some evidence hopefully that the society is undergoing change and improvement , albeit with reluctance . for instance , there presently are five blind persons with possibly a sixth coming up serving on their governing board , although none selected by the `` organized blind . `` most academy men saw action in the pacific where the united states fought single-handed except for slight help from australia and the dutch . officers in the european theater served at the invasions of africa , italy and france or were assigned to escort duty on the atlantic convoys . guy f. atkinson co. said its walsh construction co. unit received a contract valued at about $ 80 million to serve as general contractor for construction of the symphony towers office complex in san diego . they liked his wit , charm , common sense and honesty ; he was shrewd but not canny , ambitious but not ruthless . in the past he had served several years in the illinois legislature and also went to washington for one term as a congressman . mr. kuhns , who was president and chief executive from 1967 to 1974 , and was named chairman in 1974 , had retired last may but remained a director. he will also serve as chairman and chief executive of the three operating subsidiaries and a service subsidiary -- jersey central power & light co. , metropolitan edison co. and pennsylvania electric co. , and gpu service corp. -- and will be chairman of gpu nuclear corp . the typical response is for the directors themselves to resign on innocuous grounds that will not embarrass either the company or its president. none of this should be surprising if one accepts mace 's explanation of how and why directors are chosen , and why they agree to serve . retired industry employees and lawyers who have occasionally represented brokerage firms would be transferred to the industry roster within three years. spouses of industry employees would no longer be able to serve as public arbitrators . she designed entire homes for women with heart trouble and other disabilities , showing them how they could keep house in a wheelchair , peel a potato with one hand , make a bed on crutches . she was a personal friend of mr. and mrs. herbert hoover , and when hoover became president she served as a member of the organization on unemployment relief . dr. arthur w. galston , professor of biology at yale university , recently had a two-hour interview with china 's premier chou en-lai . during the course of the interview dr. galston said that he had noticed that there apparently were still few women serving on government committees . before assuming his fed post last year , he was a senior vice president at bank of america and taught international financial management at the university of california at berkeley. he has also served as chief of the financial studies division of the international monetary fund and is credited with an extensive knowledge of international economic issues. . . . the convention unanimously selected jefferson davis of mississippi as provisional president and a georgian , alexander stephens , as vice-president . davis , a west pointer , had served in the regular army and was a hero of the mexican war . he was also a brilliant orator and an aristocratic intellectual who had served his native state in congress ( 1846-47 ) and the senate ( 1857-61 ) . a regular election was scheduled for november , 1861. at that time , the voters would cast ballots for a permanent government senators , congressmen and also a president and vice-president to serve a six year term . he leaves for the hague tomorrow. commissioner charles cox will serve as acting chairman until mr. ruder is confirmed . in some neighbor island schools , older elementary students take turns helping keep the lower grade and kindergarten rooms clean. sixth-grade boys and girls serve as junior police officers . if the brightest stone lie in the deepest mine should i not dig so far ? where a man might be disposed to lead a regiment might he not also be content to serve in an army ? confidence is a good medicine . back in college i earned room and board for a couple of years serving as janitor in a home for old women . `` it establishes this institution '' as the largest in the south , and as it works its way out of the texas recession , `` we 'll be able to expand into other parts of the country , '' he added. mr. fronterhouse will serve as president and chief executive officer of the new banking firm , to be named first republicbank corp. robert h. stewart iii , interfirst 's chairman and chief executive officer , will serve as chairman . they boarded the sleds and glided eastward in silence , past the moose jim had slain , and onward without stopping. the londoner sleds led the way ; colin had joined the new yorker party to serve as guide in case they became separated from the others . odd is n't it ? i used to serve in a battleship . after brewster 's death , when it was a question of naming his successor as ruling elder , the chice lay between southworth and thomas cushman , who had also grown up in the bradford household , and the old governor virtually made the choice himself by directing his stepson toward the magistracy . southworth 's younger brother , constant , prence 's brother-in-law through marriage to another of the colliers , also served frequently as an assistant governor in later years . i want to say at this time that it has given me a lot of experience . as treasurer of the minnesota organization of blind i have served the total sum of 14 years and 4 months . stations in cities bordering the reservation often employ navajo announcers to reach the estimated 65,000 members of the tribe who understand little or no english . one such announcer , raymond nakai , became tribal chairman and served two terms before being defeated by macdonald . federal spending on education , for example , has increased fivefold in the past decade . when elliot richardson served in hew as an assistant secretary during the eisenhower years , the department administered 100 programs with 60,000 employees and a budget of $ 15 billion . despite denials , washington 's plans for policing the mideast cease-fire call for a joint american-soviet monitoring effort probably during the crucial stage beginning at the end of the 90-day truce ( in november ) . u.s. officials do n't even exclude the possibility of u.s. and soviet personnel serving side by side on a truce team during this sensitive period . wayne s. smith was present at the dawn of the cuban revolution in 1959 , as a young member of the staff of the u.s. embassy in havana. from 1979 to 1982 , he served as head of the u.s. interests section in cuba , the equivalent of ambassador in all but title . for the year , net fell 57 % to $ 6.4 million , or 42 cents a share. mr. kucha , 46 , an attorney and a director of the company , had served as chief executive of iomega in 1982 and 1983 , when he spearheaded a reorganization . members of the un family not only contribute thousands of tons of food for distribution through the fao each year , but also provide funds that enable this world-wide organization to send skilled technical experts to work in underdeveloped countries. these experts serve in the countries requesting their help in much the same manner as the technicians provided by our own agency for international development and the peace corps . the proposal for a standing european security commission is contained in toward the reconciliation of europe : new approaches for the u.s. , the u. n. , and nato , a report of a national policy panel established by the united nations association of the united states of america , released on february 2 , 1969 . chairman of the panel was theodore c. sorensen ; henry a. kissinger served as a member of the panel until his selection by president nixon as his special assistant for national security affairs . in the memo , col. north also expressed suspicions that either `` schwimmer pocketed '' some monies on the same transaction , or `` there was a kickback '' to iranian officials. meanwhile , attorneys familiar with the iran-contra criminal investigation said that the independent counsel 's office has asked for tax returns of col. north and a close associate , richard secord , a retired air force major general who served as col. north 's right-hand man in both the iran and contra operations . a native of elgin , illinois , mr. nitz received his bachelor of fine arts degree from bradley university , peoria , illinois , and his master of fine arts from the university of illinois . he served as art director of the turks head review magazine for which he also wrote some articles and collaborated on others . some bank observers expressed surprise that some members of the board , which now faces several holder lawsuits , were unaware of mellon 's loan-loss problems. `` if there are going to be losses , that should show up in the monthly financial reviews , '' said jerry mcafee , former chairman of gulf oil co. , who served on mellon 's board between 1977 and 1981 and then on mellon 's advisory board between 1981 and 1984 . if the new draft draws criticism , it wo n't be anything new to the commission. beginning with a flap over who should serve on the commission that delayed its start for a year , running through criticism of the september draft , and continuing with the uproar over the death penalty , the panel has been continually tangled in controversy . mr. siehl could n't be reached for comment. lewis t. lipton , 47 , who assumed the duties of president and chief operating officer last month , will serve additionally as acting chief executive officer , corvus said . this organization , financed by the institutions , would employ and itself pay , perhaps $ 100,000 a year each a number of highly competent professional directors. each would serve on several boards , representing all institutions and their shareholders . illness had drawn and soured the face , quickened the temper , and laid a mask of irascibility over innate kindness . a veteran of the sea , preble had served with distinction aboard a privateer and ships of the massachusetts navy during the revolutionary war . stanley tulchin , chairman of reprise capital , was named chairman of the portrait photography concern , succeeding clinton l. byrnes , who resigned in june , the company said. pca also said john grosso , former president and chief executive officer of nimslo international ltd. , was named president and chief executive officer , succeeding ronald a. norrelli , a management consultant who had been serving as interim president since mr. byrnes and two other top pca officers resigned in june . walter adolphe roberts , born in 1886 in kingston , jamaica , has spent most of his life in the united states where he has been active as a poet , journalist , novelist , and biographer . during world war i he was war correspondent for the brooklyn eagle and he served as editor of ainslee 's magazine and associate editor of hearst 's international magazine . `` this was in the days just before huntley departed the huntley-brinkley report , thus ending the most famous team in the history of news broadcasting. it had started in 1956 , when nbc had assigned huntley and brinkley to serve as anchormen for the national political conventions . orion capital corp. named robert b. sanborn , 58 years old , president and chief operating officer of the insurance holding company. mr. sanborn was formerly president and chief executive officer of new hampshire insurance co. , a unit of american international group inc. , an insurance holding company , and served as an executive vice president and director of aig. mr. sanborn succeeds edward j. hobbs , 55 , who resigned because of illness but continues as senior executive consultant to the company and as a director . i plan to go back to georgia to enjoy the birth of a new grandchild in august and generally to have time to spend with my wife , family and friends. '' mr. henkel , a 58-year-old atlanta tax attorney and real estate developer , was appointed to the three-member bank board nov. 7 after the senate adjourned without acting on his nomination , and served awaiting confirmation . the judges ordered the prosecutor to determine whether mr. deaver , after leaving the white house , `` aided and assisted canadian officials '' or `` acted as a representative '' for the canadian government during a meeting about the problem of acid rain with drew lewis , who was then president reagan 's special envoy on the issue. while he served at the white house , mr. deaver `` made recommendations , gave advice and otherwise participated substantially '' in high-level deliberations concerning whether the u.s. should heed canadian requests to take action to control acid rain , according to a report submitted to the court by the justice department . there is a strong consensus among scholars as to the merits of past justices. in 1970 , 65 experts on the supreme court were asked to evaluate the performance of the 96 justices who had served on the court from 1789 to 1969. of the 12 classified as great , eight were appointed and served during the 20th century : oliver wendell holmes , charles evans hughes , louis brandeis , harlan fiske stone , benjamin cardozo , hugo black , felix frankfurter and earl warren . he subsequently was named senior vice president-planning and finance , and then senior vice president of the paperboard and packaging segment. from 1974 to 1977 , he served as deputy director of the federal office of management and budget . `` as soon as he saw that i had a part in the case and was recommending it ? i 've also heard that he 's piqued about being dragged in to serve on the committee . timur died in 1404 , soon after the departure of the ambassadors . his son shah rukh , who succeeded him , moved the capital to herat in khorasan , where he had been serving as governor . there are probably a few quakers in the conservative john birch society , as well as the liberal americans for democratic action . though the friends are often in the news for opposition to war , many individual quakers have served in the armed forces . mr. white , a 43-year-old economics professor on leave from new york university 's business school , is expected to win confirmation easily. a democrat , mr. white previously has served in both the carter and reagan administrations . james pastoriza , president of pastoriza electronics until it was acquired by analog devices in 1969 , has joined memodyne corp. , newton upper falls , mass. , as president . pastoriza had been serving as vp , new product development , and board member of analog . during the next ten years he grew familiar with the loot-piled quays of tortuga and the smoke of burning spanish towns . having no money or skill in the art of navigation , he served in the crews aboard the buccaneering ships . after the even battle , the north and south both used the name monitor to designate a new type of warship . wooden frigates were still in use , but young men going into either navy served in the strange experimental vessels . mr. balog , son of a pennsylvania immigrant coal miner , worked as a chemist and a budget official at merck & co. before coming to wall street in 1961 as a securities analyst and portfolio manager. in 1969 , he joined the research firm of william d. witter inc. and served as its chairman . von molitor 's greeting was as genial as his appearance : `` it 's a pleasure to meet somebody from the navy for a change. i know you serve in the u-boat force . `` you know lieutenant maclellan ? he will serve as my `` friend '' before the court . mckean 's offer to step down from the post of chairman of the board of governors falls short of the mark , '' rep. ford said yesterday. `` certainly , if he 's not fit to serve as chairman , he 's not fit to serve as a member of the board . seeking to cut its losses , it sold the colony to the city of amsterdam , retaining the land on both sides of the fort . the burgomasters of amsterdam renamed the fort new amstel and inveigled william beekman , of new amsterdam , into serving as governor . in the story , boasting is impermissible , but the young american admits that sometimes `` after the cocktail hour '' he would imagine himself a war hero only to recognize that he was incapable of brave deeds because he was very afraid to die. it is an astonishing story to have been written by a young american who served in italy in world war i and -- both before and after the cocktail hour -- boasted , exaggerated and told huge lies about his exploits and his wounds . the writer served as special assistant to the chairman of the american bar association commission on professionalism . a native of brooklyn , cafiero came to chrysler in 1953 when the company acquired the auto-body business of his employer , briggs manufacturing . before that , he had graduated from dartmouth college , spent a year in the postwar navy , and served in various engineering capacities with ford motor . a princeton-trained mathematician , he directs a large staff that includes about 450 ph.d. 's at yorktown heights , new york . at headquarters in armonk , a chief scientist serves on the corporate staff . that post has been held by dr. emanuel r. piore , sixty-three , a noted physicist who retired recently but who still serves in an advisory capacity . military service was set at twelve months but was extended to eighteen months in 1962 . at the end of 1966 the bundeswehr had reached a strength of some 460,000 men , of whom 98,000 served in the air force and 33,000 in the navy . imagine you are with a group of students visiting a lighthouse . a scientist is serving as your group 's guide . the empie family 's connection to united oklahoma stretches back three generations , and family members at one point held 15 % of the bank 's stock. during his tenure at united oklahoma , the younger mr. empie , a blunt-spoken banker , served as president of the oklahoma bankers association , the state 's leading trade group . but those familiar with the exchange say two candidates who have been vying for the position are william b. bradt , an independent floor trader , and stanley r. meierfeld , merc vice chairman. both men serve on the merc board of directors . messages left at the national bank of sussex county , of which he is president , were n't returned. mr. rough , who is in his late 40s , allegedly leaked the information while he served as a new york federal reserve bank director from january 1982 through december 1984 . in 1910 burton wheeler was elected to the state house of representatives . he became united states district attorney for montana in 1913 , serving until 1918 . `` those committee appointments have been running six months . `` `` so gordon will be serving until october , `` said laden . shearson confirmed that thomas i. unterberg , the 56-year-old former chairman of l.f. rothschild , will head the group , and a. robert towbin , 50 , rothschild 's former vice chairman , will be co-head. mr. unterberg will also serve on the investment banking policy committee of shearson , which is a unit of american express co . on both sides , politics was a way of life . his father , joseph p. kennedy , was active in politics and had served as ambassador to britain . as previously reported , three executives departed during the internal investigation before mr. long : joseph e. martino , vice president , sales , of the company 's beer unit ; john c. lodge , manager of national sales promotion events ; and michael a. orloff , vice president of the beer unit 's wholesale operations division. mr. martino served a stint as executive assistant to mr. long and was seen by insiders as his heir apparent . from the time of his graduation from west point , davis had fancied himself as a military leader . like abraham lincoln , he had served in the frontier skirmish known as the black hawk war , but , unlike lincoln , he had never been inclined to ridicule the role he played in that unheroic episode . the sex information and education council of the u.s. ( siecus ) is a voluntary nonprofit organization dedicated to the establishment and exchange of information and education about human sexual attitudes and behavior , as set forth in the siecus statement of purpose : `` to establish man 's sexuality as a health entity : to identify the special characteristics that distinguish it from , yet relate it to , human reproduction ; to dignify it by openness of approach , study , and scientific research designed to lead towards its understanding and its freedom from exploitation ; to give leadership to professionals and to society , to the end that human beings may be aided towards responsible use of the sexual faculty and towards assimilation of sex into their individual life patterns as a creative and re-creative force. `` the siecus board of directors is comprised of fifty men and women who serve voluntarily for three years , but whose term may be extended by a second three years or by election to office . mr. iosue 's suggested norm of a 12-hour teaching load would preclude virtually all faculty research , impair the work of conscientious teachers , and lead to further reductions in the supply of qualified professors in many fields. perhaps he forgets that professors must also advise students , serve on committees , interact with alumni and employers , and attend institutional functions . we want textbooks written by afro-americans that are acceptable to us to be used in these schools. the organization of afro-american unity will select and recommend people to serve on local school boards where school policy is made and passed on to the board of education . we could distinctly hear the sounds of cries , shouts and gunfire . `` jane had served in the w. r. n. s . but the firm had its dissenters to this policy , and among them was don regan . in 1950 , then thirty-one years old and serving as bob magowan 's assistant , regan wrote a memo strongly urging that merrill lynch should begin to sell mutual funds . abdul broke into a grin despite himself. not only would the sahib see buzkashi now , but he , abdul , would get a chance to serve again as our chief interpreter and not have to share the limelight with tawab . if they 're so reckless , why do n't they get married ? general features corp. a washington bureaucrat who has served under several administrations and has gone through many investigations moved into a new home . the next year he had to capitulate , and in good time the names of thomas howland and prence howland were inscribed on the baptismal roll of the church . 3 but the strongest resistance came from scituate , articulated by assistant governors james cudworth and timothy hatherly . the latter had served on the general court almost continuously for more than twenty years . wherever jazz is heard , it speaks to people in a universal language , instantly and joyously understood. american jazzmen serve as invaluable ambassadors of good will . bloc balloting and voting to win combined to put a political label on the minority . the irish vote , the polish vote , the jewish vote became visible in the presence of men serving in public office . the oregon case could go either way. the contested hayes vote there had been cast by an elector who had forgotten to disclose that he was a postmaster , hence a federal employee , hence ineligible to serve . true , the top national security adviser should be a civilian , since our nation 's commitment to civilian control over the military is absolute. but there is no moral dilemma in having officers serve on the nsc staff . he joined the communist party in 1944 and is said to have supervised the construction of the siberian branch of the soviet academy of sciences , home of the economic avatars of perestroika , tatyana zaslavskaya and abel aganbegyan. from 1965 until 1983 , mr. ligachev served as first secretary of the regional communist party in tomsk , a grim siberian city almost directly north of mongolia . mr. barrone also held the post of chief executive officer , which was n't filled. mr. kane , who has served as a director of citadel and fidelity since late 1985 , said he wo n't resign immediately as a partner in the san diego law firm of haskin , nugent , newnham , kane & zvetina . and the iron works ? to hell with the iron works ! he might have said , but even more richly , for there was no one who served under him who did not attest to his fine command of language . mr. hamilton , with his graying crew cut and flat-toned voice , is a minister 's son from a midwest river port city. although instinctively measured in their politics , both men have taken on some of the character of the houses in which they serve . he worked his way up through various bureaus that set industrial and trade policies. but mr. watanabe , who has known mr. kuroda for 18 years since they served together in geneva , rejects charges that mr. kuroda is anti-american . re your commendable may 12 story , `` nonprofit groups ' push for profits riles many small-business owners '' : as a small-business owner who has served on the boards of several nonprofit groups and as a consultant to both business firms and nonprofit groups , i am familiar with the competition among such organizations as well as with government agencies . but that night i went to bed more convinced than ever that this dangerous college , this time bomb lodged near the heart of the nation , must be abolished . any apprehensions i might have had about the propriety of my serving as president of the electoral college were dissipated the next morning by an extraordinary conversation i had with one of the delegates . as reported previously , the three executives who abruptly left anheuser-busch during the internal investigation are joseph e. martino , vice president , sales , of the company 's beer unit ; john c. lodge , manager of national sales promotion events ; and michael a. orloff , vice president of the beer unit 's wholesale operations division. mr. martino served a stint as executive assistant to mr. long and was seen by insiders as mr. long 's heir apparent . indians elsewhere in the colony were herded into plymouth and isolated on clark 's island in the harbor . in spite of all this the cape tribes proved to be faithful and very useful allies , serving both as scouts and on the firing line . airgas said he decided to resign both posts earlier to pursue `` personal interests '' and to begin work on special assignments involving acquisitions and foreign sales for the company. peter mccausland , airgas 's 37-year-old president , whom mr. perkins last year designated as his successor , will serve as acting chairman and chief executive . upon graduation in june 1843 , the best rider at west point requested a commission in the cavalry , but as there was no vacancy in that arm , he reported for duty with the 4th infantry . he served two years in missouri and louisiana , and in september 1845 joined general taylor 's small but efficient army at corpus christi , tex . the point is , they should not have been placed in such a position ; it is not good for the military establishment and it is not good for the nation. even though it might well deprive the nation of the services of able and devoted men , such officers should resign their commissions or not serve on the nsc , an inherently political position . he succeeds george j. ellis , 65 , as chief executive. mr. ellis will continue to serve as a director and vice chairman of the bank holding company . hong kong 's chief secretary will serve as acting governor of the british colony until a successor is named for sir edward youde . mr. duncan , 53 years old , currently is president of singer co. 's motor products division. he served as president and chief operating officer of murray ohio from january 1981 to january 1982 . bankruptcy judges complain that it is n't nearly as prestigious as other federal judgeships. unlike their district- and appeals-court brethren , who serve for life , bankruptcy judges serve 14-year terms . her husband went to war . nobody could keep that man from serving under general washington . it is also praised for a respectable 20 % return on equity and a long string of profit increases , failing to increase earnings only in 1984 , when market activity was particularly sluggish , sources said. in one important benchmark of a wall street firm 's investment banking muscle , the number of corporate underwritings on which it served as lead manager , the firm ranks 10th this year , with 2 % of the market , according to idd information services inc. first-ranked salomon brothers has a 14.7 % market share for the year , as of tuesday , idd said . continental contends that its worst service problems are behind it , saying that since february , it processed 25,000 refund requests associated with earlier people express service. the company added 10 special assistants to the president to serve as customer ombudsmen in its major markets and increased the number of its consumer relations department employees to 150 from 57 . more than 50,000 conscripts are enrolled every year. further , every able-bodied citizen between the ages of 16 and 65 is liable to serve in civil defence , and voluntary defence organisations have about one million members , of whom 350,000 are women . mr. mann , 57 years old , will fill a vacancy created by the april departure of charles e. rickershauser jr. since that time , pse vice chairman douglas j. engmann has served as acting chief executive and chairman of the exchange 's board of governors . one-third of the expansion has come through acquisitions and the rest by internal growth . ( another company , bunker-ramo corp. , which trw and ramo formed in 1964 with martin marietta corp. , now has sales of $ 255 million a year . to form the company , a trw division was folded into bunker-ramo , and for a while ramo served as part-time president of the new business . rudolph a. nunez . the citation read in part : `` on 13 june 1966 sergeant nunez served as point man for a five-man long-range reconnaissance patrol approximately 50 miles north of saigon . mr. kirkorian , 41 , also was named to the new post of chief operating officer. he formerly served as president , marketing and distribution division , contel business systems , a unit of contel corp. , a telecommunications company based in atlanta . mr. menges served as special assistant to the president for national-security affairs from 1983 to june 1986 . when the pilgrims offered to supply these on credit , the bay leaders thanked them but still opposed the project , at length frankly saying that they `` had no mind to it , `` fearing a violent reaction on the part of the pequot , 3,000 or 4,000 strong . very well then , said winslow , who was serving his first term as governor of plymouth , did they have any objections to plymouth going ahead alone ? for these reasons , at least , we do n't think the u.s. got the best possible bargain on behalf of the people of poland when last week it restored most-favored-nation tariff status and reopened the way for more federally guaranteed credits. richard t. davies , a retired career foreign-service officer who served as the u.s. ambassador to poland from 1974 to 1978 , says the u.s. should have pressured warsaw to enact economic reforms as a quid pro quo for dropping sanctions . the newly expanded board consists of 10 members of the ferruzzi agro-industrial group -- which earlier this year lifted its stake in montedison to 39 % -- and an equal number of directors considered loyal to montedison 's chairman , mario schimberni. the members of the ferruzzi group on the new board include raul gardini , who serves as montedison vice chairman . martin r. pollner , corporate counsel for wedtech , said , `` it is clear that the allegations are limited to past conduct of certain former officers and directors rather than the corporation itself , its new management team or wedtech 's present operation. '' in washington , meanwhile , attorney general edwin meese testified on capitol hill yesterday about his knowledge of wedtech 's efforts to win federal contracts in 1982 , when mr. meese served as counselor to the president . last november , mr. parnes , 45 , resigned as chief executive. mbi said he will remain a director and serve as a consultant to the company . much of an ethicist 's work is reassurance. `` frequently , the doctor has pretty much already made his decision and , by and large , made it right , '' says bernard gert , a dartmouth philosophy professor who has long taught and written about ethics with dr. culver and serves on the advisory committee . `` as a matter of principle , i will not run on a deficit. '' mr. rumsfeld , 54 years old , left government after serving as white house chief of staff and then defense secretary in the ford administration . she made speeches , wrote articles and books , and helped found many organizations . she was called on to settle labor disputes and served on chicago 's board of education for several years . it was now time to swear in the substitute delegates and there was still no greenfield. i held a whispered consultation as to what we should do , because no substitute elector is eligible to serve unless he has written authorization from the governor attesting to his credentials. in the back of the room i saw the round and beaming face of sam frank of allentown , and i whispered , `` i 'm sure sam will serve if we need him . '' by obedience , industry and scholarship , he rose swiftly in soviet intelligence . from 1951 to 1956 he served as an agent in the united states while masquerading as a united nations employe . when he needed to , he could be slippery as any eel . he had served as personal secretary to each of the two edwardian protectors , but as each was decapitated , this sly man somehow managed to save himself . she was alexandrina de kroll , seventeen-year-old daughter of a noble russian family and the possessor of a modest fortune . the great author alexandre dumas served as best man at the wedding and tsar alexander ii blessed the bride and gave her a diamond ring . grant , one of the finest horsemen to come out of west point , had a way with beasts as well as men . there was something in his voice that attracted and calmed the animals he loved so well , while the men who served under him remarked upon the clarity of his commands . although a shift toward islamic fundamentalism would n't necessarily mean violence , the government worries that the small core of moslem extremists , who advocate violence to change the government , would spawn new leaders. given the size of egypt 's army -- about 450,000 men -- and its system of conscription that calls every egyptian male to serve in the army or security police , it is n't surprising that soldiers with extremist tendencies would appear . daisy is a former highflier on the stock market that has had earnings pummeled by intense competition in computer-aided engineering workstations , its chief product. investor confidence was further eroded last year by an exodus of top executives , capped by the abrupt resignation of aryeh finegold , the company 's co-founder who had served as its president and chief executive . `` i need to be in the business world. '' and he has quickly jumped back in , consulting for a company near his valhalla , n.y. , home and serving as u.s. representative for a korean manufacturer . he used every trick in argument and procedure in addition to his great skill as an orator . infrequently he appeared as prosecutor for the state , once serving under protest for a short time as attorney for fayette county , but by preference he usually acted for the defense . `` sgt . frank r. luchart ( beverly , mass. ) while serving in the dental corps in vietnam , i was summoned to the dental clinic very late one sunday night . the bus load of excited students left the campus about eight o'clock on this pleasant thursday morning . they were met at their destination by college students who served as guides for the day . the man appeared to be alert and intelligent , not one of `` the scum of europe `` as the member of parliament had once termed the company 's military forces . `` sergeant , how long have you served in this area ? `` fay 's drug co. said daniel a. herrmann resigned as president , and peter e. rhodes as executive vice president , to pursue their respective `` business and personal interests. '' the discount drugstore chain said henry a. panasci , chairman and chief executive officer , also would serve as president until a successor to mr. herrmann is named . it also asserts that mr. walsh 's investigators do n't have the power to unilaterally `` determine whether a particular prosecution will damage this nation 's foreign affairs. '' the suit also contends that all of the investigators appointed by mr. walsh are serving without authority , and it seeks an injunction blocking all further investigation by the independent counsel . he was always trying to be the first one . `` daniel e. zeigler of santa barbara , california , served with calley 's platoon until he , zeigler , was seriously injured in a mine accident in mid-february . robert owen , a conservative activist who served as a liaison between lt. col. oliver north and the nicaraguan contras , was paid during most of 1985 by the nicaraguan democratic force , the dominant contra group . based on grease monkey 's 31 million shares outstanding , the company has an indicated market value of $ 27.1 million. grease monkey said it hired ladenburg , thalmann & co. , investment bankers , to serve as its financial adviser . the assembly , however , elected him to the governor 's council in 1778 and in 1780 made him a delegate to the continental congress . madison took his seat in congress mar. 20 , 1780 , and served until december 1783 . in their book the politics of national party conventions , authors paul t. david , ralph m. goldman and richard c. bain , described the attitudes at philadelphia this way : the basic premise widely held among the founding fathers , themselves mostly bred in an aristocratic tradition , was that there exists a `` natural aristocracy '' of men imbued with such qualities as virtue , talent , wealth , distinguished descent , learning , and even physical strength. the problem was to devise a method for selecting `` the best '' from among this natural aristocracy to serve as chief executive of the united states . a major question is whether these monies were being surreptitiously used to benefit col. north , who was overseeing the covert arms sales. ms. napier , who has had a longer association with gen. secord than ms. corbin , often served as a courier between col. north and the private network . mrs. mclaughlin , 46 years old , would succeed william brock , who left the administration in november to run the presidential campaign of robert dole ( r. , kan. ) . she would be the second woman to serve as labor secretary ; frances perkins , who held that job in president franklin roosevelt 's cabinet for 12 years , was the first . he formerly was associated with ampex corp. and sandia corp. he holds a bs degree in electrical engineering from the univ . of notre dame , and has done graduate work in business administration at the univ . of new mexico . he is currently serving as treasurer of the acm , and is a member of the institute of management sciences . ) 42-45 . `` what did he say ? `` said rumfoord. lily had to serve as an interpreter . north was described as involved extensively in aiding the contras. a former state department consultant , in testimony before the congressional panels investigating the iran-contra affair , said he served as a frequent `` courier '' between the former white house aide and the main nicaraguan rebel group . that 's the way you got to do it . `` nobody in the unit , however , admired medina as much as william l. calley , jr. , then a twenty-four-year-old second lieutenant from miami who was serving as a platoon leader . the stake includes 34,500 shares purchased from nov. 20 through jan. 27 at prices of $ 16.88 to $ 18.25 a share. the group , which said in a previous sec filing that it wanted a seat on the medalist board , disclosed in its most recent filing that medalist management has `` informally indicated '' that dr. katz will be nominated to serve on the board at the next annual meeting of the mequon , wis.-based athletic , industrial and leisure products concern . mr. hall was president of southern railway when it merged with norfolk & western railway in 1982. he became vice chairman earlier this year after serving as norfolk southern president and chief operating officer . but if he had known about the connection earlier , mr. walsh acknowledged , `` i would have disclosed it to the fbi '' during the agency 's background investigation of him. a spokeswoman for mr. walsh said he continues to serve as counsel to crowe & dunlevy , which means he is n't a partner in the firm and does n't share in its profits . some , like roy wood , did n't even know the extent of the massacre until the next day . others , like charles sledge , who served that day as calley 's radioman , saw more than they want to remember . most of the people i had written about were small time grifters , con men , hustlers , assorted thieves , and unlucky horse players . one of my constant readers had been an occasional thief who had once stolen some jewelry from one of myron greene 's clients and then had offered to sell it all back providing that i served as the go-between . every individual mentioned in the book was a real person. the two commanders under whom i was privileged to serve are called by their actual names . from 1980 to 1985 , he was vice chairman of the democratic national committee. during that time , he led voter registration drives and served as the rev. jesse jackson 's national campaign chairman in his bid for the presidency . dick contributed a well-stocked score of twenty numbers . in addition , he served as the conductor , holding a baton in his hand for the first time in his life . at a simple white house ceremony on march 9 , 1864 , lincoln promoted grant to lieutenant general , the third american soldier to reach that rank george washington and winfield scott were the others. three days later , the president made him general-in-chief of all the union armies , supplanting halleck who continued to serve as grant 's chief-of-staff . dr. gwinup received his medical degree from the university of colorado school of medicine in 1956 . he served his internship and residency at the university of michigan where he subsequently undertook advanced training in the specialty of endocrinology and metabolism . one of franklin d. roosevelt 's first acts of economy was to pull wounded and injured soldiers out of the veterans ' hospitals via the notorious economy act , which resulted in many suicides and much unfavorable reaction. huey long had sought the governorship twice , and if he had been elected the first time he would have been too young to serve . in island schools , boys and girls , from third grade on , share in keeping their classrooms and school buildings clean. every week , students in each classroom are scheduled to serve as monitors on a rotation basis so that all take turns . judge robert bork is the most qualified american alive to serve on the supreme court . last month , mr. henkel did n't participate in the bank board 's approval of a rule restricting the amount of equity investments that thrifts may make. mr. henkel was appointed to the bank board nov. 7 , after the senate adjourned without acting on his nomination , and he serves while awaiting confirmation . `` leave ' em alone , `` he facetiously advised his subordinates. `` they serve as a very good provost guard , preventing straggling and desertion in this man 's army . '' he was an important social figure ; he entertained celebrities , politicians and theatrical stars . his wife served on the boards of several charities and his daughter attended the best catholic school . i write not as an author of books ; i write as one who has been deeply concerned about the government of this nation and of all nations . in 1960 i served as a county chairman for senator john f. kennedy and campaigned for him across the country . over christmas , peers and a few staff members flew to south vietnam , and the general made a tour of my lai 4 and also interviewed a number of vietnamese officers and survivors about the massacre . he was accompanied during his ground observation by sergeant nguyen dinh phu , who had served as an interpreter for captain medina 's company on march 16 . after his humiliation in the cockpit , he was stripped of his job as deputy postmaster general. but he continued to serve as agent for four colonies , and when the newly formed continental congress drew up a petition listing america 's grievances , franklin was asked to submit it to parliament . it outlined the curves of her slender body in a way that distinguished her from any russian woman tuomi had ever seen . this was fainna solasko , daughter of a russian woman who for years had served in the united states as a courtesan to kgb officers and visiting soviet officials . during several decades as a theater owner negotiating terms with studios to show their movies , mr. redstone has gained a reputation as an iron-willed deal maker. a graduate of harvard law school , where he still teaches an entertainment law course , mr. redstone helped crack japanese signal codes during world war ii and later served as a special assistant to the u.s. attorney general . hamid r. momayez-zadeh succeeded the 64-year-old mr. sachs as president of the company , which manufactures and distributes solar water heaters and distillers. mr. momayez-zadeh , 31 , who was vice president of finance , also will serve as treasurer and continue as a director , equinox said . steven roberts , assistant to federal reserve board chairman paul volcker , is leaving the fed to become a partner in peat marwick , mitchell & co. , the accounting and consulting firm. mr. roberts , 42 years old , served as mr. volcker 's liaison to both the banking industry and congress . attached to the cards were color photographs of dismembered viet cong soldiers stacked in a neat pile . a military physician who served with patton said , `` in my experience , patton was neither the best nor the worst of the military there . `` i 'm the liberal who can be trusted , '' mr. mavroules said. mr. bennett , who has served in congress for three dozen years , is basing his claim to the chairmanship largely on seniority , the very principle fractured when mr. aspin ascended to the chairmanship in 1985 . swiss and u.s. officials have said that one of the accounts they are investigating was set up under the name of lake resources inc. , a u.s. company. federal and congressional investigators are trying to determine whether mr. secord or others suspected of serving as middlemen in some of the covert u.s. arms shipments to iran may have defrauded the government or profited illegally from the transactions . what tragedy it is that they continued to be exploited by politicians , ideologues , opportunists and the media. nonetheless , each man and woman who served there and survived has left irretrievably something of himself or herself together with the bodies of those comrades who lie in the soil of that betrayed and stricken land . mr. empie said he sought to meet with the newly elected governor , `` but he is in a very determined hurry to accomplish my removal. '' before being appointed the state 's top bank regulator , mr. empie served as president of united oklahoma for 16 years , following in the footsteps of his father , who was also president of the bank . it 's not a practice that i would recommend. '' a former dravo executive who still serves as a consultant to the company , lloyd w. `` pat '' donnelly , had succeeded mr. kelly and oversaw dravo 's waste-to-energy project contracts . what is remarkable , though , is that even some people he has tossed out of their jobs speak highly of him . fuqua spent nine years in politics starting in 1957 , serving in the georgia legislature and as chairman of the state 's democratic organization ; he remains a generous contributor to the democratic party . immediately her toe started jerking and the typewriter clicked , writing message after message . she carries on a correspondence , she said , serves on a committee of a magazine for the handicapped . the trio originally included james m. lykes jr. of houston , a member of the new orleans shipping family ; s. marcus greer , a houston banker ; and j. sayles leach , a retired texaco executive . leach died in 1967 , and was replaced by paul r. haas , a corpus christi oilman , who now serves as foundation chairman . some knew from the start that their terms of duty would be a total waste. nobody seriously thought , for instance , that a defense lawyer would let juan gonzalez , a prison corrections officer , serve on a criminal trial jury . more likely is the possibility of a federal appointment , if nixon is reelected . `` there is no doubt , `` says a friend who has served in washington , `` that they would like to find the right job for dan . `` from his encampment he wrote : `` an officer fit for duty who at this crisis would abandon his post to electioneer for a seat in congress ought to be scalped . `` this statement , widely broadcast , ensured his election , whereupon he promptly resigned his commission , went to washington , and served in the house of representatives from 1865 to 1867 . the fbi also has come under attack from some lawmakers for allegedly failing to investigate aggressively a pattern of break-ins involving groups opposed to u.s. policy toward central america. nevertheless , retired adm. bobby ray inman , who formerly served as cia deputy director and head of the national security agency , expressed both relief and satisfaction at mr. webster 's nomination . but then hitler came , and my father believed that not even war would be as bad as the nazis . in the second war he served in the navy and , as my mother came from casablanca , he had her take me there with her when he went to his ship . solid progress in areas such as local autonomy and press freedom would be of immediate benefit to koreans. the u.s. also should continue to praise president chun for his repeated pledges to step down and thus establish a precedent for korean leaders to serve their appointed terms and leave office . `` in gabun today the fetish doctor calls up the spirits by the sound of his little bell , interprets to them the requests of the living , and returns with the revelation of their consent or refusal . a similar type of medicine-man now serves among the maoris of new zealand and the pelew islanders , for when he goes into a trance the ghosts can speak through him with a low whistling sound . hettleman and sommers. according to the indictment , mr. hettleman served as legal counsel to merritt and , in that capacity , `` knowingly rendered legal opinions and prepared false documents '' in order to allow messrs . a good general . the best you 've ever served under . this sounds improbable , as the cremonese masters had to comply with very strict guild regulations requiring that they should keep and teach an apprentice for a minimum of six years , as has already been mentioned . even the argument that stainer began by copying amati 's design is no evidence that he was in italy ; for in innsbruck , where he most likely served his apprenticeship , there was a splendid , princely court . he was an associate with the milwaukee law firm of quarles & brady before joining northwestern 's law faculty in 1961. he served as dean from 1977 until 1985 , and associates commend his performance as an administrator and fund-raiser . `` while the army was preparing its case against him , lieutenant calley found himself a lawyer , george w. latimer of salt lake city . the elderly latimer was highly regarded in military legal circles , having served for ten years on the military court of appeals in washington and also on the utah state supreme court . williams tried to rule providence in a most democratic manner , with all freemen convening to sit as a court and five selectmen handling everyday affairs . over the other towns william coddington served as governor , having jurisdiction of the territory east of narragansett bay , but the brand of democracy practiced fell far short of the ideal . but that 's the least of it. what makes the 37-year-old comedian the man to welcome the throng of 75,000 and to serve as emcee for the pre-mass celebratory program has less to do with his size than his stature . personnel. judge berg has induced experienced magistrates from other judicial divisions to serve a term in traffic court , and lured honor law-school graduates into taking jobs as assistant prosecutors `` just to see how you like it . '' we do n't know . of course , we know better and you know better and then afterward , after serving his time as a junior dragon , he then became a dragon . the nov. 10 manager 's journal by thomas j. neff brought to light a crisis in corporate board rooms that is essentially invisible to the public , yet unequaled in potential threat to the economy : the growing wariness of serving on boards of directors in view of the personal-liability exposure involved . at last , he was removed from his post and went back to command the ninth corps , where he belonged in the first place . lincoln selected joseph hooker to replace him , a tough combat general who had served as an able division commander under both mcclellan and burnside . a respectable girl , thundered the newspaper , stayed at home until someone offered to marry her . if she was unlucky enough to remain a spinster , she would live with her parents or relatives the rest of her life , serving as unpaid housekeeper or nurse to the younger children . mr. nelson , 41 years old , will assume the chief executive 's duties that have been handled by chairman frank defazio , 62. he also succeeds as president b.j. walker , 67 , who will continue to serve as vice chairman until he retires in february . in a moment he has the answer : two small whales are running alongside about a hundred yards off the starboard beam . `` they 're sperm , `` the skipper adds , for he has turned with an inquiring glance to the bos'n , an old-timer who once served a hitch on a whale-catcher out of eureka , california . james wilson had made his company a major force in puerto rican real estate before he turned to the development of st. charles . and raymond nasher , a partner in flower mound , has been the developer of a string of successful real-estate ventures and has served as chairman of the national commission on urban development . a jew on the supreme court has been a tradition since the appointment of louis d. brandeis in 1916 . theodore roosevelt appointed the first jew to the cabinet and many have served since . for years the kucchis in afghanistan had enjoyed greater status than the farmers for the simple reason that the terrain of the country was so rugged . they served as the traders and carriers of culture , and the farmers were more dependent upon them than the kucchis were upon the farmers for their food . for a reason then obscure to me the soviets named me as a satisfactory intermediary between them and the british-american authorities seeking the return of one of these prisoners , margaret clitheroe. my own government urged me to serve , an irony i hope will not be lost if this is to be my epitaph . barrios then selected rafael zaldivar and marco aurelio soto to head the governments of el salvador and honduras respectively . soto , a sincere liberal who had served as a minister in barrios ' government , brought long-needed reforms to honduras and governed well . he would not listen to any one who belittled either gen . braxton bragg or that brilliant but unpopular jew who served both as secretary of war and as secretary of state , judah p. benjamin . but unlike his other south african compatriots , he held an extremely important job . he wrote a column , `` watching the world from accra , `` for the ghanaian times , and he sometimes served as an adviser and aid to president nkrumah . the next phase started today rounding up control naturals , giving them their choice of two humane alternatives. questioning public officials of every sort and determining whether or not they were temperamentally suited to continue to serve under the new order . the white house probably wo n't appoint anyone to serve out the term of federal reserve board governor henry wallich , who resigned last month . he was proud of his name , proud of his ancestry , but proudest of being a marine . a vietnam veteran , wounded twice in action , he had already served nine years in the marines . and security consultants report brisk business. mr. potter has been asked to serve as an expert witness in about 300 court cases over the past 15 years -- half of them in the past four years . representatives of the equity holders , who met with mr. kinnear yesterday , said they are still looking for a significant minority role for shareholders on the texaco board. but dennis o'dea , counsel for the equity committee , said that neither he nor mr. norris is interested in serving on the texaco board . the executive , who speaks in a soft arkansas drawl , admits he finds greater pleasure in shepherding a multimillion-dollar diversified communications business and telephone concern than in speechifying. mr. ford served in the state senate from 1967 to 1982 . about a year before , the two of them had read about the work of dr. fred a. urquhart of the university of toronto . aunt jessica had written in for information and had joined a group of amateurs who served as research assistants . his annual pay will remain the same at about $ 80,000. navy secretary john lehman said that adm. poindexter will serve on the long-range planning staff of the chief of naval operations . after the communal arrangement had been set aside , everyone willingly helped one another . women cared for the ill , served as midwives , and gathered clams and mussels . he wrote two books explaining the background of the crisis and revealing mau mau methods in detail . he served on a committee to consider ways of rehabilitating hard-core mau mau once they were caught . `` quite the contrary , sir , '' replied sir thomas briskly. `` i had the honor to serve as a midshipman under admiral lord howe some years ago in the royal navy . hyatt hotels is an affiliate of hyatt corp. , of which mr. pritzker is chairman. mr. foley , who currently serves as braniff 's vice chairman , also will become its chief executive officer , the company said . denham and potter . in a few years they 'd both be dependable , hard-working men with families , or maybe serving somewhere overseas in h. m. forces . i am also currently president of an investment club . in school , i served as treasurer of the audubon club and the student council . he is , however , 33 and slim , with touseled red hair , a pronounced nose , and deep set , serious blue eyes. mstislav rostropovich , music director of the national symphony in washington , where mr. wolff served as associate conductor , calls him `` one of the greatest talents of his generation in the united states . '' maybe now is the time for mr. reagan to elevate a younger generation of leaders to give his policies a coherence , intellectual strength and momentum that would carry well beyond his presidency. many of these people are already serving ably and with distinction in his administration . mr. gray also reimbursed the regional banks $ 100 for a golfing excursion at the elegant greenbrier hotel in white sulphur springs , w. va. mr. gray has been chairman of the bank board since 1983 , and has often complained about the high cost of serving in government , especially since his wife and two daughters live in california . announcement of the appearance on the field of washington 's super-kingsize player , frank howard : `` here comes the washington monument . `` wjz , baltimore caption on new york daily news photos showing girls serving as batboys : `` these girls are diamond 's best friends . `` gen. rogers also will vacate his job as commander in chief of the u.s. european command at the same time. gen. rogers has held the two positions for the past eight years , a longer period than any of his predecessors have served . by mid-1944 , there were more than 8,000 spars in the coast guard . they served as storekeepers , receptionists , mail clerks , telephone and teletype operators , chauffeurs , radio operators and technicians . at that point , texaco 's chief trial counsel , richard miller , secured the assistance of a law firm here -- helm , pletcher & hogan. one of the firm 's senior partners , george pletcher , also was serving on the judge 's campaign committee . texas air corp. moved its top labor relations trouble-shooter from its eastern airlines unit back to its continental airlines unit , which he left last fall. john adams , who had been serving as vice president , human resources , at eastern , returned to continental in the new position of senior vice president , human resources . mr. yarbro also said that jacques schlenger , the law firm 's former managing partner who had been accused by the state of giving erroneous advice to maryland savings-share , is still with venable baetjer. former u.s. attorney general benjamin r. civiletti now serves as managing partner , mr. yarbro said . some of our committees have been appointed and as time goes on others will be appointed. braxton tatum has agreed to serve again as chairman of the public relations and information committee. those serving with him are ann adkins , fred kelly , don sims , arnold culbersulberson , marsha phillips , and vera mcclain . doris beavers has agreed to serve as chairman of the matty fold powell fund committee. those serving with her are ellis campbell and exie hill . charles wood has agreed to serve as chairman of the legislative committee. those serving with him are bertha merrell and vera mcclain . he saw the creation of the afsc as an opportunity to unite all the branches of american friends in a common service project . it was rufus jones who chaired the early meetings and who subsequently served as either chairman or honorary chairman of the board from 1917 to 1948 . mr. lindner , who also is chairman and chief shareholder of american financial corp. , an investment company in cincinnati , succeeds alfred martinelli , formerly president and chief executive of penn central. mr. martinelli has been elected vice chairman of penn central and will serve as a consultant to the company . although his father was very reluctant to do so , he apprenticed him to a carpenter in ribe , as jacob insisted that was the work he wanted to do . after serving his apprenticeship there , he went to copenhagen for four years to complete his training . this proposal is no arbitrary one . its author , who was director of the counterbudget project , is robert benson , who served in the controller 's department in the pentagon . norimasa furuta , a senior managing director who joined mazda in 1985 after 29 years with japan 's ministry of international trade and industry , has been named to succeed him. mr. yamamoto will serve as chairman , which in mazda and most japanese companies is the less-powerful position . intelligence sources , however , said mr. clarridge was sent to south africa by the late cia director william casey and that state department latin america policy makers were aware of his mission. mr. fiers served with former national security council aide lt. col. oliver north on the administration 's restricted interagency group , which supervised u.s. policy toward nicaragua while cia field officers in costa rica and honduras were assisting a supposedly private contra aid network directed by col. north . he says a likely scenario is that mr. singleton will `` break it up into little pieces and give each to a bright young manager. '' mr. hanisee expects mr. roberts -- who was mr. singleton 's roommate when they were at the u.s. naval academy and still is his most trusted associate -- to serve only until he turns 70 . president cleveland ultimately withdrew the order , but he opposed extending pension benefits to soldiers , moving the grand army of the republic to an apoplectic tone. no aspect of the president 's life was spared criticism by the grand army , including the fact that cleveland had not served in the civil war but had paid for a `` substitute . '' vice chairman j. l. robertson , is sixty-three , a member since 1952 , and one of the noneconomists . he was trained as a lawyer , served for a while as an f. b. i. agent . as a member of the provincial congress , he not only helped to ratify the declaration of independence , but also provided the guiding hand which drafted the constitution of the state . he served until 1779 as chief justice of new york , interpreting the constitution which he had drafted . after world war ii , when there was the greatest shortage of soviet men , only 17 percent of the supreme soviet were women . only 5 percent served as people 's commissars , and in the highest councils there were no women at all . mr. bloom , president and chief executive officer of jaymar-ruby inc. , succeeds thomas d. gleason. mr. gleason will continue to serve as chairman and chief executive officer . mr. schnabel is serving as the u.s. ambassador to finland. g. tilton gardner , morgan olmstead chairman and chief executive officer , said mr. schnabel , formerly deputy chairman of the concern , was on leave of absence while he serves as ambassador to finland . the federal aviation administration said its top medical officer , who has been accused of certifying pilots who were n't medically fit to fly , was reassigned at his request. frank austin , 62 years old , who has served as federal air surgeon since october 1984 , asked faa administrator donald engen to transfer him to allow the agency to put aside `` the contentious medical certification issues which my activities have so unfortunately precipitated . '' mr. ferris was vacationing in mammoth , calif. , yesterday and was n't available for comment. as previously reported , mr. ferris , along with mr. amerman and former mattel executive thomas j. kalinske , had served on a three-person executive committee that ran the company for a brief time after arthur s. spear announced in october 1986 that he would retire as chairman and chief executive officer . the church voted `` almost unanimously ( 20 members present , all but 2 voted ) that they could not contentedly communicate with him at ye lord 's table . `` 25 on the other hand , deacon foster 's colleague , ephraim spooner , staunchly supported the rebels , proving himself a clever negotiator , more than once obtaining large loans from wealthy tory gentlemen when the town was without funds to equip and pay its ragged soldiers . the local pastor , chandler robins , served for a time as a chaplain in the continental army . the amount of time the man worked at the plant , though not fully operational , still counted because some equipment was running , mr. gordon said. mr. hall , who served as a management representative , says the board called a few other witnesses , including the man selected for the job who defended his qualifications . soon almost a general fight was in progress. i tried to place a guard out around our camp , but all were drunk and refused to serve . that 's colonel washington . he served in the war with the french remember ? `` those who knew answered with pride . in those days militia offices were no sinecures. all able-bodied men were liable to serve , and they were not infrequently called upon for active duty . once the immediate excitement of the revival was over , however , these meetings found they were unable to maintain the religious fervor they had experienced without the help of a pastor. many began to hire visiting evangelists to stay on , or to pay a local farmer or teacher with a gift for the ministry to serve as pastor part-time . the marquis of thuringia , the count of guelders , the bishops of beauvais and verona arrived with their followers. at the end of september conrad of montferrat left tyre to join the army , though he would not serve under king guy . major corporations `` have invested a lot in their reputations , '' he told reporters recently , so `` they ca n't afford to defraud customers '' or make obviously false claims. `` my judgment is that consumers are intelligent '' enough to disregard such advertising , mr. oliver says , adding that five appointed commissioners should n't serve as `` arbiters of national taste and tact . '' while he says `` reforms are moving ahead , '' he adds that it is doubtful he 'll be able to continue to serve on the directorate when a reconstituted uno legislative assembly elects the new seven-man board sometime this month or next. mr. robelo claims he ca n't possibly serve with the fdn 's mr. calero , who is expected to be elected to the new directorate , because of their recurrent personality clashes . he had three children and an energetic young wife who ran a taut home . he had served the city five years as patrolman , two as detective , and was now assigned to the city attorney 's office as special investigator to mrs. van loon . as ed s. miller , general president of the 460,000-member hotel and restaurant employees union , put it : `` the republican party and big business want to take from labor all the gains that it 's made during the past seventy-five years . `` the use of an independent tripartite board had proved satisfactory to labor during world war ii and korea , as george meany , who served on the world war ii board , never hesitates to point out . a scion of one of the wealthiest families in the country , the 49-year-old mr. rockefeller has traveled the world extensively and lived for three years in japan. he first moved to west virginia as an anti-poverty worker , then decided to stay and start a political career , eventually serving two terms as governor . in many cases , purchasers of charitable gift annuities pay 25 % to 30 % more than they would pay an insurance company or brokerage firm for an annuity providing the same level of income. but , says conrad teitell , a white plains , n.y. , tax lawyer who serves as the unpaid counsel to the committee , `` an insurance company does n't educate youngsters , heal the sick or save a soul . '' the german-born mr. wallich , a former economics professor at yale university , underwent surgery to remove a brain tumor a few months ago. despite some speech impairment , he sought to remain active in fed affairs , and colleagues voiced hope that he would be able to serve his full term . prosecutors alleged that home state had losses of $ 147 million from its e.s.m. investments. mr. warner , who had served as u.s. ambassador to switzerland in the carter administration , faces a maximum prison sentence of 13 1/2 years plus fines and a possible demand for restitution to the state of ohio for its own expenses in making depositors whole . while this quotation from tom stoppard 's 1967 play `` travesties '' is a bit misleading ( what would you call the conflicts raging in afghanistan or cambodia : `` communism with the gloves on ? '' ) , his real thesis is that there `` are lessons for today 's business executive in military strategy. '' mr. ramsey , now business correspondent for nbc news , first became interested in drawing those lessons while serving as far east correspondent for the economist . they memorized false stories of their lives . experts in forgery supplied them with false birth certificates , social security cards , drivers ' licenses , and cards showing they had been deferred from serving in the american armed forces . holders also approved a motion recommending that fermenta 's current board seek legal counsel to determine whether the company should sue its former directors. the motion was offered by kjell braendstroem , who served as fermenta 's chairman for the first three months of this year and is managing director of ab industrivaerden , fermenta 's largest single holder . while he could resign before completing his term and the president then in office would appoint his successor , the successor still would be required to leave the court at the end of the 18-year term to which the initial justice had been appointed. this would ensure that all justices would be limited to 18 years of influence , direct ( by serving ) or indirect ( by influencing the selection of his successor ) . bradford had been injured a few weeks before his election and was still weak and in pain. he asked for an aide to serve with him , and isaac allerton , another church member , was elected as assistant governor . he irritated them by paying no attention . he was known as `` the general `` because he had served in the army rather than hire a substitute as was the custom among the young bucks of the landed gentry . south african president botha traveled to black townships and called on community leaders to negotiate with the white-led government to end racial unrest. botha visited sebokeng , sharpeville and lekoa , where the township 's mayor urged botha to allow blacks to serve in parliament . and nobody ever seems to ask these vets a couple of questions that would put some credibility into their tears : what was their mos -- military occupational specialty ? more important , what platoon of what company of what battalion of what division did they serve in , and when ? libbie moody thompson , seventy-three , was the youngest of the four children of w. l. moody jr. and has been married to her husband , clark , for fifty-two years . he served in congress for twenty-two years , and they divide their time between lavishly furnished homes in washington and galveston . his successor -- the youngest catholic archbishop in the u.s. -- is savvy at delivering the same message loudly to the crowds and the media. it is a skill archbishop mahony honed while serving in the 1970s as chairman of the state agricultural labor relations board during the vote over union representation of farm workers . and he has denounced `` its messianic idea of ownership of the world that is characteristic of the american social fabric. '' mr. yakovlev 's views on the u.s. come across as more hard-line than those of other soviet experts on america , such as georgi arbatov , director of the u.s.a. and canada institute , and anatoly dobrynin , the party secretary for foreign affairs who served as moscow 's ambassador to washington for more than two decades . separately , chairman fowler , who has been rumored to be planning to leave the agency soon , was equivocal about his intentions. `` as things stand , i intend to serve , '' he said at the news conference called to discuss the at & t price cut . a successor has n't been named. mr. empie , a former banker who has served as the state 's top regulator for seven years , was accused by gov. henry bellmon of `` incompetence , malfeasance and neglect of duty , '' stemming from a series of stock sales involving the shares of united oklahoma bankshares inc. , a banking company mr. empie once ran and whose flagship bank has since failed . we ought to be building companies , not destroying them. '' mr. inman serves as chairman of a high-technology holding company that is majority-owned by mason best co. , one of whose founders , elvis mason , is a texaco director . a spokesman said mr. severinson , who was formerly president of minstar 's energy services group , `` will be more concerned with the day-to-day operations. '' mr. severinson had previously served as chairman of amf inc. , which minstar acquired in 1985 . although much of his success was built on deregulatory initiatives the fcc had made in the 1970s , because of mr. fowler the commission today has `` never been the focus of so much attention and controversy , '' says upi reporter norman sandler , co-author of a book on telecommunications policy. mr. fowler rejected the idea that because the number of broadcast channels is finite , broadcasters must serve as `` trustees '' of the airwaves in exchange for their licenses . nowhere was this better explained than in craig roberts 's seminal 1978 article in irving kristol 's magazine , the public interest. mr. roberts , of course , also served as an aide to congressman jack kemp , as an editorial writer for this newspaper and as assistant secretary of the treasury when the first reagan tax cut was passed . `` i hope , '' mr. hodel concluded , `` that the u.s. is n't so naive and foolish that we fall for that kind of doublespeak. '' while serving as energy secretary , mr. hodel opposed canadian electricity imports into the northeastern u.s. , but the sales eventually were approved . her statement flies in the face of conclusions reached after a two-year study by a panel of experts convened by the institute of medicine of the national academy of science. the panel , on which i served , included representatives from both hospital sectors . however , a few colleges are considering the addition of dog breeding and management to their animal husbandry curricula. since there is no formal training in this field , the boy or girl interested in dog breeding will have to serve an apprenticeship . that case was part of a larger matter involving insider trading based on takeover plans allegedly leaked by employees of a new york law firm. a 1967 graduate of yale and a 1971 graduate of new york university 's law school , mr. iason held an appeals-court clerkship following law school , and then served as a prosecutor with the watergate special prosecution force for about 18 months . `` this is just a personal investment of his. `` fuqua too says he is concentrating most of his attention on fuqua industries , although he does serve as a gable industries director . a replacement will be made but this can not be done before the time of the meeting of the electoral college. `` of the twenty-nine democrats who had been elected to serve in pennsylvania , only twenty-one would be with us . congressional investigators believe that lt. col. oliver north used a federal bureau of investigation agent as his link to a network of free-lance intelligence operatives who worked outside of normal government channels. investigators said they have uncovered information indicating that a new york-ased fbi agent , whom they declined to identify , `` served as a liaison '' for a number of private , loosely organized citizen groups that provided col. north with intelligence data they gathered while supporting nicaraguan insurgents and a variety of anti-communist causes in other countries . i applaud mr. sterba 's article. as a retired marine who served as a platoon commander in vietnam , i was not impressed by the film. i recently viewed it with two other retired marine officers who also served as infantrymen in vietnam . the white house is strongly considering two men from texas -- one an economist , the other an investment counselor -- for a seat on the federal reserve board , according to reagan administration officials. the economist is george w. douglas , 48 years old , a proponent of easing government regulations who once served on the federal trade commission and now heads a consulting firm in austin . but henry nicholas , a political adviser to mayor goode , says the strategy could backfire because `` people know ( mr. rizzo ) does n't care anything about move. '' while serving as mayor , mr. rizzo also presided over a police confrontation with move . would you impose mandatory wage and price controls to deal with inflation ? during the korean war , i served as federal price administrator in maine , so i know at firsthand the difficulties of trying to impose controls when there are not basic shortages in the economy . edward h. sondker , 41-year-old president of la jolla bancorp , was named to the additional post of chief executive officer. mr. sondker also served as chief operating officer , a position that will remain unfilled . but the form of government has not changed. the chief administrative officers are three selectmen citizens who are elected to serve in this capacity in addition to their regular , income-earning jobs . the rest of my relatives thought there was something wrong with me in the head . all my uncles served honorably in world war ii . the duke of burgundy took command of the numerous french crusaders who remained in outremer. conrad of montferrat sulked in tyre , because he would not serve in an army commanded by king richard the friend of king guy . `` the councils cooperate when they have all the facts , `` he says laconically . blum was born in 1911 in sarajevo , where his father , a hungarian jew , served as a minor official of the then austro-hungarian state railways . nicaraguan rebel leaders are preparing to revamp again the main contra political arm , amid squabbling over whether their military leaders will accept meaningful civilian control. alfonso robelo , a moderate , says he wo n't serve in a new directorate if adolfo calero , a conservative rebel army leader , gets a seat . thankfully , david aaron 's `` state scarlet '' ( putnam , 351 pages , $ 18.95 ) is an exception to the rule. even though mr. aaron 's resume is loaded with impressive posts -- he 's served on the national security council , been a deputy assistant to president gerald ford for national security affairs , and helped negotiate salt -- he knows how to tell a story . when president 's rule is n't in effect , the governor is only a representative of the central government and has no powers to rule. siddhartha shankar ray , a 66-year-old congress ( i ) party leader and former chief minister of west bengal state , has been punjab 's governor since april 1986 and will continue to serve under the new arrangement . ms. ride holds a doctorate in physics from stanford. ms. ride , who once said that `` being an astronaut was never a lifelong dream , '' served as a member of the rogers commission that investigated the january 1986 challenger disaster . mr. hakim gave details of the huge profits from the iran and contra arms operations that were banked for himself , gen. secord and thomas clines , a former agent of the central intelligence agency. mr. clines , who served as an arms dealer in europe for the contra arms sales , pocketed $ 990,000 , according to testimony and records provided by mr. hakim . he has been a director of duro-test since 1983. mr. mcgruther , 71 , will serve as co-chairman along with j.m. ross , 77 . in midsummer of ' 61 , special orders arrived at camp arlington from the war department. under the new reorganization plan , regular army officers were unauthorized to serve under volunteer brass . by winning the democratic nomination , mr. barnes is nearly assured of victory in the general election in gary , a democratic stronghold. mr. barnes 's campaign centered on gary 's declining economy and whether mr. hatcher , who was first elected in 1967 , had served too long . `` then what are you doing in the paratroops ? `` `` because i like to serve with people who like to jump . '' he 'll wait until after his successor is sworn in here the evening of jan. 8. in the meantime , mr. mckernan , who served two terms in the maine legislature before going to congress , is reacquainting himself with the state capitol , with its two stuffed moose in the basement , and is thinking about how he 's going to fulfill campaign promises to bring jobs to far away towns like jackman and calais , on the canadian border , and to control growth in southern coastal maine , which is in danger of becoming swallowed by developers . wallace looked so strong that i thought he 'd surely pick up enough votes to throw it into the house . and when the word got out that i was considering serving , men from all over , republicans and democrats alike , sought me out and said , `` matt , you 've got to accept . we can not go on ignoring so much of the world in which we live . edwin o. reischauer , since september 1966 a university professor at harvard university , served with distinction as united states ambassador to japan from 1961 to 1966 . george fox , the methodist chaplain , was the eldest of the four . he had served in the first world war . although he had not completed high school when he enlisted and served in the army that first time , he was determined , when he came out , to finish his education and become a minister of god . in world war ii he was appointed a commander in the united states navy medical corps , and , because of his special knowledge of china , was assigned to liaison duties with the office of strategic services in chunking and shanghai . after the war he served in an advisory capacity to innumerable missions and committees of the united nations . she was really excited about that. he 'd even asked her to serve as an advisor on the board of his historical society . charlie was called `` bird . `` some of his friends say that parker got his nickname when he served a stint in the army , where recruits were called yardbirds . vince lombardi believed in the usefulness of computer analysis and managed to have ryan traded to washington to work on his play analysis system . lombardi also served as a vice-president of ryan computer services . please rest assured that we are not counting you out by no means and that your past contributions to the organization will not go unappreciated . good people like you members who have served well must never be shuffled into the discards as long as we can prevent it . but according to loews 's most recent proxy statement , mr. tisch 's contract was amended as of feb. 16 to reduce his salary to an annual rate of $ 200,000 for `` so long as he is devoting a principal amount of his time to cbs. '' furthermore , the proxy statement says , cbs reimbursed loews for $ 262,540 in salary and benefits for the services of mr. tisch between sept. 11 , 1986 , and jan. 14 , during which time he served as acting chief executive of cbs . `` whether the blithe country boy off a farm outside concord , or the fisherman 's son from gloucester , massachusetts , returned from guinea men or brutes is open to conjecture , but certain it is that their restricted new england outlook would have been sharply widened by their experiences on the gambia or amidst the flying human heads of old calabar . the authors of black cargoes believe that the conditions of seamen serving on the new england slavers were better than those of seamen on european ships . the panels already have agreed to grant limited immunity to a number of gen. secord 's associates -- including his business partner , albert hakim. mr. hakim handled the financial arrangements for the private network that first assisted the contras and later served as a middleman in the secret u.s. arms sales to iran . regarding the recent biography of j. edgar hoover ( bookshelf , march 5 ; letter , march 24 ) , there has been a steady drumbeat of criticism of mr. hoover since his death. your readers may be interested in the fact that in the fateful 1953 period when the eisenhower administration was under attack by the right-wing of the republican party , i served as chief consultant to robert l. johnson , who had been asked by the president and secretary of state dulles to reorganize the international information adminstration , then in the state department , and , with the help of congress , transform it into an independent agency , now known as u.s. information agency . mr. barker said magna is considering an initial public offering by the new unit. magna , which reported sales of $ 1.03 billion ( canadian ) for fiscal 1986 , said its chairman , frank stronach , also will serve as cosma 's chairman . the company was acquired in 1952 by remington rand and combined with earlier acquired eckert-mauchly corp. to form the nucleus of what today is the univac div . of sperry rand corp. in 1953 , a conflict between the former e-m group and the former era group led to the departure of some era people , headed by william norris , a co-founder with tompkins of era , to found control data corp. of which norris is still president . dr. tompkins in 1953 joined the ucla mathematics department , serving as director of numerical analysis research and director of the computing facility . spouses of industry employees would no longer be able to serve as public arbitrators. the proposal would affect about 20 % of the 3,000 to 4,000 people who serve as arbitrators , mostly lawyers , accountants and industry professionals , according to sec officials . a u.s. cardiologist was arrested by authorities in pakistan and charged with killing 13 people. the pakistani-born doctor , who returned to lahore in 1981 after serving as a fellow at baylor university medical center in dallas , has admitted to nine of the murders , authorities said . in picking chairmen , senate and house democratic leaders chose moderates who ca n't be easily dismissed as biased by the reagan administration. severely wounded in world war ii while serving in all-nisei , japanese-american batallion , mr. inouye fits the mold of an ethnic patriot . a college dropout and self-described airplane fanatic , the 44-year-old mr. dubinsky is credited with orchestrating a series of secret union meetings -- dubbed `` operation stealthco '' -- that led to a formal proposal to acquire the nation 's second-largest airline. mr. dubinsky is `` the primary moving force '' behind the proposal , says boston lawyer f. lee bailey , who suggested a pilot buyout of united two years ago while serving as a counsel to the union . they hate war all wars , not just the one in vietnam. they are the 500 or so conscientious objectors who serve in the army 's medical branch as technicians , orderlies , operating-room assistants , stretcher bearers and medics with line infantry or armored companies . not even with the fbi . that means you 've never served in the military ... `` the reasons for any individual 's assignment are military need , personal qualifications and chance. my year ( 1966-67 ) in vietnam was spent serving with the 2/7 ( gary owen ) , 1st air cavalry as a platoon leader and then brigade staff officer ( mos 1542 , infantry officer ) . siciliano , a former assistant secretary of labor as well as under secretary of commerce , had represented management in working out the last west coast dock settlement in 1966. day became the spokesman of the business group , largely because he is the only business member who has been able to serve full time on the board . administration officials have said that they are strongly considering leif olsen , the former chief economist of new york-based citibank , for that vacancy. mr. kelley , 54 years old , is chairman and chief executive of investment advisers inc. , and has served on the boards of several banks . a gsa official said mr. williams was n't suspected of wrongdoing , but that the agency was concerned about the appearance of a conflict of interest. in the telephone-switching dispute , at & t said mr. williams served as contracting officer for a short time when the gsa allegedly discriminated against it . the fascinating thing about our unseen guest is the guest himself . he is an entity who calls himself `` stephen , `` purportedly an american serving in the allied army who was killed sometime in 1916 . ultimately , the debt is paid with funds generated by the acquired company 's operations or sale of its assets. the 43-year-old mr. sherman , a lawyer , joined church 's two years ago after serving as an executive vice president at a u.s. unit of canada 's imasco ltd. , a tobacco and retailing concern . his term would end june 30 , 1989. because he was appointed to the bank board while the senate was n't in session , mr. henkel currently is serving without confirmation . by appointing david karnes , the republican governor narrowed the democratic majority in the senate to 54-46. mr. karnes , 38 , is senior vice president and general counsel of scoular co. , a grain and lumber concern , and is serving his fourth term as chairman of the federal home loan bank in topeka , kan . political control , too , is changing hands. gov. alexander , a republican who has served the maximum two terms , is stepping down this month . mr. naples , 41 , succeeds george bartol iii , 65 , who retired as chairman. hunt said mr. naples will continue to serve as chief executive , and mr. fritsch , 55 , will continue as chief operating officer . baker , 61 , a former senate gop leader , is expected to push the president toward compromise and consensus on many domestic and foreign policy issues. iran provided an arms merchant with nearly $ 87 million while he served as the key middleman for u.s. arms sales to iran , according to the tower commission report . comparing that record with those of the great 20th-century justices , we find again that holmes and cardozo were better qualified. holmes had served with distinction on the supreme court of massachusetts ; cardozo had served with equal distinction on the new york court of appeals. five of the other six had had no previous judicial experience ; black had served briefly as a police court judge in birmingham , ala . as for the overall measure , only rep. stan parris ( r. , va. ) opposed it. all but eight members of the full banking committee serve on the subcommittee . he begged the governors to think over these words . in october , 1783 , congress discharged those who had served in the war , retaining only a small force until a peacetime militia was organized . hoodlums , fired by patriotism and whisky , smashed the windows of german-owned shops and often beat up the proprietors . no matter that german-americans rallied to the colors , bought liberty bonds , served in the armed forces , and remained steadfastly loyal to the united states . like hart , john lacy was a handsome man , being `` of a rare shape of body and good complexion `` . during the civil war he served in the army as a lieutenant and quarter-master under colonel charles gerard , later earl of macclesfield . the announcements were made after the close of trading. nippon life also would be entitled to two seats on the shearson board , and a representative will serve as an `` adviser '' to the american express board , the companies said . in 1948 , when it came time for the republican electors of michigan to convene in lansing , only thirteen of the nineteen bothered to show. according to custom , officials scurried through the capitol looking for anyone who would serve , and they came upon a mr. j. j. levy of royal oak , who was duly sworn . grace had sold the home quarters business for about $ 10 million to a management group including bernard kossar , then-chairman and chief executive officer , and frank doczi , president and chief operating officer. hechinger said mr. doczi will continue as president and mr. kossar will serve as a consultant to home quarters , which is based in virginia beach , va . under mr. dee , smithkline became a leader in the prescription drug market. during the decade he served as chief executive , sales grew to $ 2.6 billion from $ 402 million , aided greatly by the anti-ulcer drug tagamet . it was only a small ship in the 34th mine-sweeper flotilla , based in den helder , a key port on the dutch coast . but i became acquainted with death while serving with this very active flotilla . the person chosen to fill this position was betty jean landreth layton , daughter of mr. and mrs. eugene b. landreth of talladega . in addition to the duties connected with the areas above , betty acts as public relations person for the program for exceptional children and youth , and serves on various committees for the state department of education . mr. mcfarland , the 56-year-old former vice president , operations , of placer u.s. , succeeds alan g. horton , 62 , who plans to retire may 1. mr. horton will serve in a consultant 's role as vice chairman of placer u.s. until his retirement becomes effective , the company said . if this is the case , it follows that what was being honored at gettysburg was devotion to the nation . if this is the case , it follows that what was honored at gettysburg was not the ultimate purpose of the war so much as the devotion of those who served . without pausing to examine it , he said to wong , `` is there any way that i could see the hoppo when your grandfather calls upon him ? '' even the inscrutable wong showed surprise at the question , then laughed , `` if you could become chinese , sah , you might serve as one of my grandfather 's retinue accompanying him to the audience . '' the shaman 's or medicine man 's main job in most tribes is to diagnose and cure disease . he is often , however , a jack-of-all-trades , at one time or another serving as soothsayer , hypnotist , teacher , weather prophet , chief , scientist , lawyer , and priest . the future will almost certainly see an expanding role for the professional director . usually a retired executive , the professional director serves on the boards of a half dozen or more companies . but once the volunteers were accepted for what they were , the timid call for their help became a roar heard round the world . in less than four years the peace corps has picked from 100,000 applicants 10,000 volunteers now in training or who are serving overseas in 46 countries . the man who trained the first marines to land on guadalcanal was a member of the class of 1912 , daniel e. barbey , who as an admiral later commanded amphibious forces in the southwest pacific . to the men serving under him he was `` uncle dan , the amphibious man . `` he has n't been a member of the board 's executive committee , though he will become one now. mr. hugel has been associated with mr. johnson longer than most other rjr directors , however , having served on nabisco brands inc. 's board from 1978 until the company was acquired by rjr in 1985 . i 'm forty-nine. i believe a chief executive should not serve too long . the sultans and their ministers had built many mosques in istanbul since the time of the conquest , but suleyman the magnificent , with the wealth of the empire at his disposal , was the greatest builder of all , and his royal architect , sinan , was a man of genius . sinan had begun his career as a soldier in the sultan 's army and served as military engineer and bridgebuilder . his parents were sympathetic to his problem . charles , who was serving an apprenticeship with a hartford engraver , was glad to have his roommate back . but before i can resume my natural form and take possession of the belongings of my forefathers , you must go out into the world and take service as a maidservant . `` the young princess consented at once , and for a whole year she served as a maid . also , members must pay themselves 25 cents an hour for their labor on assembly lines , and a ten-percent commission on sales. in order to be eligible to serve on the board of directors , each company member must buy one share of stock . north 's credibility comes under question. the former nsc aide falsely claimed that he served two tours in vietnam and that he was a pre-med student before entering the naval academy . during my last year in high school i passed the rigid tests required for admission to the naval academy . thereafter i served my compulsory term with the national labor service , regulating mountain streams and building roads . i returned to my boat to check the progress of work , which i expected to be finished in four days . as i boarded u-953 , the chief , who had served under marbach , called me into the bow torpedo room . he will remain a director and chairman of the board 's finance committee. mr. durham , who joined the company in 1967 , has served as president and chief operating officer since jan. 1 , 1985 . andros is often depicted as a ruthless agent of royal power , and he did do his best to execute his orders. at the same time , however , he established a system for the defense of the colonies against the french and the indians , building forts and raising troops to serve on the border . mr. khashoggi refuses to discuss his business dealings with the wall street journal. neither canadian could be reached for comment , and the swami -- who serves as mr. khashoggi 's `` spiritual adviser , '' according to one of the saudi 's former associates -- was said to be `` somewhere in europe . '' they are : -- harold t. bowling , 52 years old , who also will serve as general manager of the unit 's ontario , calif. , division . but the white house is disappointed that others are still held. during the summer , the contras begin receiving more arms via a private air transport system reportedly set up with the help of a company run by retired air force maj. gen. richard secord , a veteran of covert actions who had worked with lt. col. north and served as mr. weinberger 's mideast policy aide . what , perhaps , would happen inadvertently in the beginning became routine . terry reid of fond du lac , wisconsin , spent much of 1968 serving with the 11th brigade of the americal division near chu lai , the division headquarters a few miles north of quang ngai city . mr. casey , now hospitalized with pneumonia after surgery earlier this year for the removal of a malignant brain tumor , is n't likely to testify , but other cia officers are expected to appear. gen. secord 's business partner , albert hakim , an iranian-american with past ties to the cia , served as one of the network 's principal financial managers . the package reflects ambivalence in the reagan administration over the competitiveness issue. michael porter of the harvard business school , who served on the president 's competitiveness commission , says that `` instinctively and intuitively , the administration believes : a ) there is no problem ; and b ) if there is a problem , it 's essentially a short-term problem based on macroeconomic factors like the value of the dollar and high interest rates ; and c ) even if there is a problem , there is no role for government '' in solving it . fry had worked with peter jefferson and knew the wilderness. washington was pleased to serve under him . `` a lot of quantity , that 's for sure. but after rasmussen , rhoden and righetti , you 'll have to see me later about the quality , '' says lopat , who scouts the national league for the team as well as serving as one of eight coaches the yanks have assembled to supervise their pitchers here . some valuable characters are about to be lost to the house of representatives of their own choice. i feared once that this would be the case with mr. smith , of your state ; but i believe his present intention is rather to continue to serve . the first officers of the guild were : eleanor harrison , vangie larson , ethel weinholdt and louise seaver. they were elected for one year , where now they serve for a two-year term . mr. stolz , the new chief of cia covert operations , joined the cia in 1950 after he was graduated from amherst college , which also is mr. webster 's alma mater. he served under cover as a state department political officer in a number of european capitals , including moscow ; rome ; frankfurt , west germany ; and sofia , bulgaria. he also served as chief of the cia 's european operations division and as the agency 's chief liaison with britain 's intelligence services before he retired . the committee also includes matthew p. deane , 56 , vice chairman in charge of operations. stephen kovacs , 62 , will serve as chairman of the board in a nonexecutive capacity . g. barry mcmennamin was named publisher , effective jan. 1. he succeeds crocker snow jr. , who will continue to serve as president and editor-in-chief of the privately held monthly . prior to that , he was executive vice president of the equipment group of compugraphic corp. in wilmington , mass. mr. stern , 64 , served as chairman since gtech was founded seven years ago . congratulations ! mr. brewer is now serving as president of the middle tennessee interscholastic association and the tennessee interscholastic association . blair had chosen john muckler , ranger coordinator of player personnel , as his successor on the bench . muckler had been groomed in the minnesota organization for a year , serving as general manager and coach of memphis in the central league . `` ole miss , `` the university officials were told , had let the state down badly : its law professors were helping the young lawyers with their cases . faced with a threatened cut in its budget , ole miss hastily dropped the oeo hot potato and even forced out two professors who served part-time in oeo . industry insiders say that suppliers such as panasonic co. , a unit of matsushita electric industrial co. of japan , lost millions of dollars in the reorganization. today , panasonic is suing mr. zinn 's father , julius , who serves as a director and adviser to entertainment marketing , alleging that custom hi-fi has n't complied with its court-approved reorganization plan . whatever the economic and procedural problems that besiege iran 's people and government , theirs is a true republic. within that framework , jews and christians serve in elected positions . the network of former military officers involved in the iran-contra affair has played a role in clandestine operations going far beyond shipping arms to anti-sandinista guerrillas in nicaragua. operating as contractors to the u.s. government , the officers have served in recent years as middlemen , facilitating arms transfers and providing aircraft for separate secret activities sanctioned by the defense department and central intelligence agency . at that time , some directors resigned from the board , the spokesman said. he said the company hopes that this change will make it easier to recruit business executives to serve on the lear board , but he declined to comment on whether the change would allow the company to more easily obtain liability coverage for its directors . mr. kelley 's appointment would fill the seat vacated by emmett rice , a carter administration appointee who announced in october that he would resign from the fed on dec. 31 to return to the private sector. mr. kelley would serve until jan. 31 , 1990 , when mr. rice 's term was to end . on one mission he was selected to coordinate the operations of the entire eighth air force fighter command , which meant that from the air he was controlling almost 800 battle-dispersed planes . two of the most famous fighter pilots who served under blakeslee 's command were captains don s. gentile ( thirty victories ) and john t. godfrey ( thirty-six victories ) . the identity of the individual who decided on the name cornucopia for the submarine depot ship in which the supply officer served is hidden deep in the recesses of the navy department , but the name is startlingly appropriate , for she is a fount of plenty. men who do not serve in her think her the ugliest ship that has been designed since noah went into the business , and they may be right . there is n't any representative of the stephens 's interest on worthen 's board , though worthen 's president and chief executive officer , curt bradbury jr. , was a longtime stephens inc. official. both mochtar and james riady have served as worthen directors , and james held worthen management jobs until he resigned in october 1986 . mr. abbott succeeds james h. titcomb , who is retiring from the board. mr. reny succeeds leon a. gorman , who is resigning after serving the normal 12-year director 's term , the company said . `` on an article in the wall street journal discussing whether dyes in colored toilet paper cause river pollution : `` the tissue issue. `` on a senior scholastic item about the first female ever to serve as a u.s. senate page : `` girl turns page in senate history . he passed up locker rooms and the pole-vault area , among others , to fund the first-aid room in the school 's new field house. `` i served in the medical corps during world war ii , '' explains the retired investment adviser . most of his life he had lived by hunting . milo dodge had been a texas ranger with walker , and had served as a boy in the army during the war with mexico . in the first quarter ended july 31 , geac had a net loss of $ 2.9 million on revenue of $ 15.9 million. an official of peat marwick ltd. , which agreed to serve as the creditors ' trustee under the restructuring plan , said the plan is similar to a chapter 11 bankruptcy-law filing in the u.s. , under which a company seeks time from its creditors to reorganize its business . thousands of young blacks in biafra poured into his fourth commando division in 1968. they wanted to serve under the red and green flag because they thought that steiner had juju , or luck . such a move would hardly be unprecedented ; 12 commissioners have been so elevated in the commission 's 53-year history. the 63-year-old mr. shad served beyond the end of his five-year term last june so that he could oversee the blitz against insider trading and shepherd several projects , including the computerization of the sec 's corporate-disclosure filing system . as an economist he won acclaim from many of his contemporaries for introducing the 1948 currency reform that paved the way to the wirtschaftswunder , the german economic miracle. later , from 1963 to 1966 he served as chancellor . this is in strong contrast with the small , politicized nsc staff. the distinction between professional experts and politically responsible officials is impossible to observe while serving on the nsc staff . currently justices are appointed by the governor , vetted by the commission on judicial appointments and put on the ballot for public approval or disapproval at the next general election. they serve 12-year terms , after which they go before the voters again . somehow , we must develop a schedule of reinforcement that sustains the now short-lived sensitivity business-ethics courses demonstrably achieve. perhaps one way is to bring together , for periodic analysis of business decisions faced and taken , those who make the decisions , in meetings facilitated by outsiders well qualified to point out or elicit the ethical dimensions of a situation -- much as is done by the ethicists who serve on hospital committees of medical ethics . clive barker is the highly touted stephen king of the future ( stephen king is doing the touting ) and he lives up to his billing. `` the damnation game '' ( ace/putnam , 379 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a mortifying thriller about a gambler who is taken from prison to serve as bodyguard to an eccentric industrialist . with the exception of the late dr. martin luther king , jr. , it would be hard to think of another afro-american leader of that time who could have commanded abroad as much attention and respect as malcolm did. malcolm could , therefore , serve as a roving ambassador for the afro-american community in its quest for international support and understanding of the racial problem in america . there had been famous lute-makers in cremona as far back as the thirteenth century ; later on there were also viol-makers , among them marco del busseto , who ranks as one of the recognized masters . one can therefore assume that andrea served as an apprentice with busseto , although it is true that the wide sound-holes and the sloping edges of his instruments are reminiscent of the brescia school . somewhat unnerved , lepeters almost failed to notice the thin particle of a man who sat at a desk beside him , his flake of a body almost totally lost in the cushions of a specially made chair. this was the intricately contraptioned teener , who was to serve as lepeters 's assistant , a once great detective whose body had literally been trimmed down by gunfire in a major shoot-out . investors might also worry about who 's minding the store at loews. while mr. tisch devotes much of his time to looking after the company 's $ 750 million investment in cbs , his brother , preston robert tisch , has been serving as postmaster general since last august . if he believes , as he has said , that the duarte government is promoting economic growth and strengthening the democratic system , he was either misinformed by his subordinates about the true situation in el salvador , or he was consciously promoting an economic system diametrically opposite to that which he promotes for the united states. '' one salvadoran , who served as a paratrooper in the u.s. army , says : `` from now on , it 's no longer the united states -- no more miami . mr. henze served on the nsc staff from 1977 to 1980 . both men lacked battle experience and that was the chief reason for my transfer . although the captain had served as a prospective commander on a u-boat patrol in the atlantic , only one-third of the ship 's company had tasted combat ; the rest had to be trained for their first mission . mellon directors selected the 55-year-old mr. cahouet ( pronounced cow-et ) apparently because of his success in turning around another troubled banking concern , san francisco 's crocker national corp. , between 1984 and 1986. he served as president and chief executive officer at crocker until it was acquired by wells fargo & co. in may 1986 . mr. hu , long thought to be the chosen successor to carry on the far-reaching economic and political reforms begun by mr. deng , was forced to resign from his party post friday. zhao ziyang , maintaining his post as premier , was named to serve concurrently as party general secretary . to ease the stalemate , the panel proposes increasing house terms to four years from two years and senate terms to eight years from six , with elections to be held only in presidential campaign years. panel members suggest permitting members of congress to serve in the cabinet , easing the senate majority needed for treaty approval from two-thirds to 51 % , and giving congress authority to limit campaign expenditures . he first moved to charleston in 1934 , worked for the associated press in raleigh , north carolina , and new york city , and moved back to charleston in 1947 . during world war ii he served in the navy . new york mercantile exchange members elected william m. bradt , an independent floor trader , to be chairman of the 115-year-old futures exchange. mr. bradt , who defeated stanley r. meierfeld , the exchange 's vice chairman , will serve a two-year term starting immediately . in contrast , john f. kennedy and lyndon johnson did not have active military officers on their nsc staffs for most of their presidencies. kennedy had the bay of pigs , and afterwards immediately asked maxwell taylor to serve as a special adviser ( although not on the nsc staff ) ; johnson had vietnam , a war without a strategy -- indeed , without clear military goals -- orchestrated largely by civilian counsel , both in the white house and in the office of the secretary of defense . as a teenager , mr. roberts worked in a lear siegler inc. guidance systems plant in grand rapids , mich. , where he was a member of the uaw. later , he was elected shop steward , and by the time he was promoted to labor relations manager he was negotiating with a uaw regional representative by the name of owen bieber. mr. bieber now serves as uaw president . a stronger currency reduces cash flow. paul h. aron , an american who serves as vice chairman of daiwa america , says that all makes a good textbook theory , but nothing else . the first question was , says jackson , `` what are we talking about ? `` to head up the office of new communities development , early in 1970 , romney brought in nicoson , who had previously served as a consultant to hud . even the moral trauma of a would-be conscientious objector , forced to make his first kill , is on-target. terence knox as the sergeant and a crew of newcomers as his platoon create a solid ensemble cast of soldiers serving out their 12-month stay in hell . we do n't like to interrupt funerals. '' all the pilots at this base are civilians serving their annual tour of army duty . `` at this particular time , '' the wisconsin democrat said , `` i think we need someone who will be perceived as having absolutely no conflicts of interest in the administration of the sec , and someone who is very tough on crime. '' one candidate said to have such credentials is judge duffy , who served as the sec 's new york regional administrator from 1969 until 1972 . yearly , quarterly , and monthly meetings have many projects of their own. quakers serve on the subcommittees of these organizations and scores like them , on the boards of schools and colleges , on meeting committees in abundance . at 12:30 p.m. , the commodore hailed his captains with orders to attack , and the vessels moved smartly into their positions . an officer aboard the flagship who had served under other commodores watched the proceedings with awe . in august of 1946 a mutual fund known as managed funds , inc. , was founded in st. louis , missouri , by two cousins , hilton slayton and hovey slayton . hilton was the dominant figure in the company , serving as president and making pretty well all the decisions . nine men served on the board of directors , including `` nonaffiliated `` directors who were named by hilton slayton and a close friend of his . on the latest vote , mr. henkel said he did n't believe an actual conflict of interest existed , but was abstaining `` to avoid even the slightest appearance of impropriety. '' mr. henkel and lawrence white are serving on the board while awaiting senate confirmation . the true order of succession was to be restored ; the queen had not existed. what happened to the surviving favorites of hashepsowe one can only guess , but a few apparently survived to serve under tuthmosis . but sen. paul trible ( r. , va. ) said investigators have found evidence that the general withdrew more than $ 80,000 of the money to pay for a small plane , a porsche sports car , and a visit to a weight-reduction camp with former central intelligence agency officer thomas clines. mr. clines served as an arms dealer in europe and received an estimated $ 990,003 under a secret account established on his behalf by mr. hakim . howard baker of tennessee or john tower of texas , to replace mr. casey. mr. gates has served as mr. casey 's deputy since last april 18 . and so , above all others , did the grand dean of american academic thought , freedom , and progress , dr. john dewey. even in his old , old age , out of his profound feeling for justice , dewey agreed to serve as chairman of the commission that was established to investigate the charges against leon trotsky . the guidance staff consists of thirteen full-time counselors , including the director . one of the staff serves as a vocational counselor . george r. catlett , fifty-three , arthur andersen 's representative on the accounting principles board , vigorously upheld his firm 's unpopular position during deliberations on the problems of accounting for mergers and other business combinations . donald erickson , fifty-six , head of the chicago office , also serves as chairman of arthur andersen 's board of directors . other nations quickly adopted this practice of `` conscripting `` or drafting men. that is , instead of being asked to fight for pay or for patriotism , men were made to serve . upon assuming command of the department of arizona , general nelson a. miles was directed by the war department to use most vigorous operations for the destruction or capture of the hostile apaches . the following extracts are from instructions issued april 20th , 1886 , for the information and guidance of troops serving in the southern portion of arizona and new mexico . the overall success of the one-to-one relationship in reaching city slum children has stimulated a number of suburban communities to adopt volunteer programs of their own . freeport , l. i. , and lexington , mass. , have recently adopted the idea ; in orange county , calif. , hundreds of volunteers are serving in classrooms , preparing curriculum materials , working in playgrounds . born of an old danish family , she carried forward its tradition of making contributions to danish literature while establishing a distinguished niche for herself in english as well as danish letters . her father gained distinction as a writer after he had served as an army officer and come to america , where he lived for several years as a trapper with the pawnee indians in minnesota . transportation secretary elizabeth dole said , `` he sought to make a positive difference in people 's lives , and he has succeeded. '' mr. engen served on the national transportation safety board for two years before going to the faa . greenspan and johnson `` march to quite different drummers '' on many economic issues. another johnson friend recalls that when the vice chairman served at the treasury he `` was very , very critical '' of positions mr. greenspan -- then an outside reagan adviser -- took in favor of tax increases and social security overhaul . henry cornelius agrippa von nettesheim was born at cologne on the fourteenth of september , 1486 . he was educated at the university of cologne , and as a young man served as a soldier in the army of maximilian i of germany . ozaki and then sorge were hanged on november 7 , 1944 . ( gordon w. prange is professor of history at the university of maryland . during world war ii he served as a lieutenant commander in the u.s. navy , and in 1945 was assigned to the u.s. military government in tokyo . walt disney co. named robert j. fitzpatrick , cultural-affairs director for the 1984 los angeles olympics , to serve as president of disney 's planned eurodisneyland near paris . they come from every walk of life rich , poor , business and professional people , farmers and tradesmen. they serve without pay or compensation of any kind. more than 100,000 local citizens are serving on the boards of community action agencies . that the time of enlistment of ewing 's brigade of six hundred men all expire the first of jan. next and that the officers and men and gen. ewing himself have declared that they will serve no longer . he added that the `` announcement is yet another signal to congress and the american people that president reagan is determined to stay on top of this controversy until it has been fully resolved. '' mr. abshire has served in the nato post since 1983 and was considered for the job as the president 's national security adviser when lt. col. john poindexter resigned last month . former associates of marine lt. col. oliver north painted a colorful and detailed picture of how the fired white house aide provided clandestine military advice , money and munitions to the nicaraguan contras. conservative activist robert owen testified before congressional investigative committees that he served as a frequent `` courier '' between col. north and the top leaders of the nicaraguan democratic force , the main contra group . long and laxalt orchestrate their lobbying efforts here. sen. long has said he will serve on the board of governors for the new york stock exchange . nugan and hand have such well-placed friends ? distinguished military officers served as consultants and associates . george brinton mcclellan handsome , dashing , brilliant and successful had been the youngest cadet ever accepted at west point and the most youthful to graduate . after serving some years in the army , he resigned , married a beautiful new york socialite and became president of a railroad in ohio . adolfo calero , who resigned under pressure from moderates from the old directorate in february , is likely to be included in the new leadership panel. alfonso robelo , the respected moderate who once pressed for reforms with mr. cruz , has repeatedly said he wo n't serve with mr. calero , but there is speculation he might change his mind . last month kaiser agreed in principle to create the holding company in exchange for a $ 140 million cash infusion from mr. clore. if kaiser shareholders approve the restructuring plan , the geneva , switzerland , financier will serve as chairman of the holding company and name a majority of its directors for five years. kaiser 's chairman and chief executive officer , cornell maier , would retain his current positions and serve as the parent 's vice chairman . sol m. linowitz , former u.s. ambassador to the organization of american states , gives a clear warning : `` a greater threat to the united states than russian presence is that latin american countries will become disenchanted with us for not showing interest . we must find ways to encourage the latins to look north , not east . `` ( carl t. rowan has served as director of the u.s. information service and as ambassador to finland . with engineering degrees from arizona state university , his previous experience included starting an oregon company that devised information systems for banks and serving as director of management information systems at pullman inc. one of the four founders , mark fox , who is serving as interim president and chief executive until a successor for mr. geisel is found , contends that any frictions between the founders and mr. geisel were minor . rep. doug barnard ( d. , ga. ) voted for the higher level in the subcommittee , initially yesterday did n't vote on reducing the limit and in a later vote yesterday opposed raising the limit from $ 5 billion. all but seven members of the full committee serve on the subcommittee that considered the bill tuesday . he was appointed a candidate member of the ruling politburo in april 1985 , but never achieved the full voting status won by marshal ustinov , a civilian who became one of the most powerful men in the kremlin during his eight years as defense minister. gen. yazov most recently served several months as a deputy defense minister for personnel . those who knew him shrugged and said , `` oh , cump 's all right , but he always was an odd horse . `` since sherman was a west pointer and had served in the regular army , he was given command of a regiment from ohio . he joined time magazine in 1951 . in the 1968 election campaign he served as chief of research and writing for richard nixon and subsequently spent two years in washington as a special assistant to the president . southerners grudgingly accepted a slowdown in military spending , while northerners agreed to scale back their plans for welfare and mass-transit programs. rep. leath helped to forge the budget compromise and then served as emissary to his southern colleagues on its behalf . mr. hull , who has u.s. and costa rican citizenship and a long , but unclearly defined relationship with the u.s. government , now is emerging from the shadows of the contra war. last week robert owen , who served as a courier for lt. col. oliver north , the fired national security council staffer , told congressional investigating committees that mr. hull is `` a man who has done a tremendous amount for his country '' by helping the contras maintain a southern front against nicaragua . we have roads , tractors , telephones , even medical clinics. `` unlike most of israel 's arabs , the sons of druzes serve in the israeli army . '' accordingly , the hill which rose above and beyond the american camp ( now known as gallows hill ) was selected for the execution and a gallows was erected. barber related that the hangman absconded and several boys about twelve years of age were ordered by putnam to serve in his place . joe horsely was elected president ; katherine bonner , first vice-president ; charles johnson , second vice-president ; margaret scott , secretary ; and burlie dutton , treasurer ; with hudson davis and ethel guthrey as board members. john holstun is chaplain and john trott will serve as marshal . this is particularly true in promotions . to give an example , the police commissioner or other top law enforcement officer is almost invariably a political appointee serving at the discretion of the mayor . mr. atwood 's broad experience , mainly in the non-automotive side of the company , provides him with a perspective on gm 's growing operations that few of its other executives possess. prior to his last post , mr. atwood served as the top executive in the company 's world-wide truck and bus group . other terms of the agreement were n't disclosed. while each company will be equally represented in managing the partnership , james a. glime of k mart 's specialty retailing division will serve as chief executive . `` paul volcker has become a major asset to this administration , '' mr. gramley said. but he added that mr. volcker , who has served as fed chairman since august 1979 , might agree to stay on for only another year or so . western health plans inc. said douglas c. werner resigned as president and chief executive officer after serving in the posts for eight months . they had been sent to vietnam as replacements for soldiers who had fallen in battle or who had completed their tours of duty. they would serve exactly one year , and then they , too , would be rotated home . i sent my brother porico ( white horse ) with mr. george wratton on to fort bowie to see general miles , and to tell him that we wished to return to arizona ; but before these messengers returned i met two indian scouts kayitah , a chokonen apache , and marteen , a nedni apache . they were serving as scouts for captain lawton 's troops . at least twenty-eight men , experienced in foreign affairs , are presented to the council by the governments of the six as prospective candidates for seats on the commission. the fourteen members finally selected serve a term of four years . it was of little help to their relationship that the son sometimes showed more foresight than the father . while serving as a vice president of a family bank , w. l. iii once loaned $ 6,000 to the owner of a movie theatre , who wanted the money to buy an organ . she sewed curtains for all the front windows , replacing the one dingy pair arthur had hung in the consulting room. for innes she made a black jacket , resplendent with brass buttons , so he could serve as the doctor 's page when not in school . wishing for a son had become only my public facade . serving as father to little girls was now my stock in trade , and i loved every minute of it well , almost every minute . within ten years , the trust territory 's budget has quadrupled to almost $ 60 million . almost 300 peace corps volunteers are serving in the islands , 75 percent of them teaching micronesian teachers to teach english as a second language . `` the closer we get to the end , the more likely we are to promote from within. '' mr. tuttle also says that he can draw from a pool of high-level business executives and university administrators who want the experience of serving in government but do n't want careers in washington . the charge of impropriety in having active duty military officers take the fifth amendment illustrates another facet of the problem. no one has denied that when adm. poindexter and col. north sought fifth amendment protection , they were acting within their rights ; it just seems wrong to have men serving in the active military forces of the nation do so . during that summer george took several trips with byrne . occasionally he served as rodman for other fredericksburg surveyors . mr. strauss is also chairman of the government-controlled bayernwerk ag , which controls a controversial new atomic plant in wackersdorf. mr. strauss has been a driving force behind europe 's heavily subsidized consortium of aerospace concerns , airbus industrie , which he serves as chairman . redon was deeply patriotic , and is the only artist who comes to mind who actually enjoyed going to war . drafted into the french army during the franco-prussian war of 1870-71 , he found its rigors exhilarating and served with distinction until a persistent fever forced a medical discharge . lady mary ellington , wife of the british consul , was maid of honor . the honorable michael chaconis , epirot deputy to the greek national assembly , served as best man . also , parachutists could be used in many ways. they could serve as soldiers behind enemy lines , as spies across borders , or as agents to organize revolts in other countries . he was 70 , but he began the work at a killing pace . in the congress alone , he served on ten committees . attorneys familiar with the investigations , however , said mr. meese has told associates that he wants to avoid any potential conflict of interest , or even the appearance of such problems. mr. meese has acknowledged that in 1982 , while serving as counselor to president reagan , he asked other administration officials to look into complaints by wedtech that it was n't receiving fair treatment from the army . the venality at the court in england was reflected in virginia . berkeley received pay equal to at least $ 20,000 today , and the burgesses , who had started out serving without salaries , demanded , and got , regular stipends . some said he was being haughty , but he was never that ; he was simply trying to get his work done. the selection of men to serve on his cabinet was one of the president 's first important duties . `` he needs to become a lot of people 's second choices. '' mr. bennett , who has served in congress for 36 years , is basing his campaign partly on seniority , the very principle that was fractured when mr. aspin ascended to the chairmanship in 1985 . this procedure is grossly unfair to the voting members who deserve a clear-cut choice of fresh candidates each year. also , it undermines the theory of widespread participation and the equal opportunity for all members to serve actively in an official capacity . a gm spokesman said that post will remain vacant. only somewhat less daunting is the task facing mr. wheelon , a respected expert in space and satellite communications who has served on the president 's foreign intelligence advisory board and on the commission that investigated the challenger space shuttle disaster earlier this year . `` it was discovered in a complex set of circumstances whereby a certain piece of carpeting was found not to have complied '' with some fire standards , mr. kaufman said. he said that `` leading experts in fire and flammable materials '' have been consulted and are serving on the company task force , though he declined to identify the individuals involved . he heads a committee of 14 leaders from union locals , but reports to uaw president owen bieber , who joined mr. yokich at the sessions last week. although mr. bieber , 57 , will be eligible to serve until 1995 , betting is already heavy that mr. yokich will be his eventual successor . the most important of the twenty vuillaumes , and at the same time one of the best french violin-makers of the nineteenth century , was jean baptiste vuillaume , who was born in mirecourt in 1798 , and died in paris in 1875 . after serving his apprenticeship , he settled in paris at the age of twenty and joined another native of mirecourt , a naval officer named francois chanot , in his experiments to develop a new violin design . adding to the sensitivity of peers ' investigation was the fact that koster 's post-americal division job was superintendent of west point , one of the most prestigious assignments in the military . westmoreland himself had served in the same position en route to becoming chief of staff . mr. fell 's introduction to dome mines was through the board room , not the mine shaft. he began his career in 1953 as a lawyer with dome mines ' longtime firm , fasken & calvin , and later served as a dome director and vice chairman for his uncle , a. bruce matthews , a prominent canadian businessman and then-chairman of dome . sun co. said glenmede trust co. gradually will sell as many as 2.7 million shares , or 2.5 % , of sun 's common stock outstanding. glenmede serves as trustee and fiduciary for a variety of trusts and estates and owns about 30.2 million shares , or 28 % , of sun . meanwhile , the office of management and budget , which formerly played a big role in formulating domestic policy , has adopted a substantially reduced role under mr. miller. `` there does n't seem to be any particularly original thinking going on at omb , outside of strictly budget issues , '' says lawrence kudlow , who served as the agency 's chief economist for two years under mr. miller 's predecessor , david stockman . this bears only the slightest resemblance to current events in chicago. immediately after this article appeared , the central committee of the democratic party of cook county elected george dunne , mr. vrdolyak 's predecessor as chairman , to serve again as chairman. the vote for mr. dunne was unanimous , the first time that has occurred in the 11 years i have served on the committee . they captured all the soviet officers on the staff of the other side , thus ending the war games. by the middle 1930 's thousands of soviet boys and girls were grown-up and ready to serve in the forces . chinese premier zhao ziyang will continue serving concurrently as acting communist party secretary-general until a scheduled party congress in october , vice premier yao yilin said . it had started because the colonel and drew knew each other long before either of them were connected with astronautics . they had served together briefly in southeast asia and drew had done morrison some sort of favor . but in catholic philanthrophy , mr. grace and his company have few peers. able to get by on four to five hours of sleep a night , mr. grace devotes about 40 % of his spare time to serving as a director , benefactor or adviser to more than 50 catholic charities and educational institutions , ranging from st. vincent 's hospital in new york to the university of notre dame . his campaign against mr. hatcher for the democrats ' endorsement -- the winning of which is tantamount to victory in the mayoral race -- poses the toughest test for the gary mayor since he was first elected 20 years ago. mr. barnes 's campaign has centered on gary 's declining economy and whether mr. hatcher has served for too long . mr and mrs donald ellesworth , from barbados . donald , a dentist , served in the r. a. f. during the war and now practises in east finchley . this is the committee for purchase of products and services of the blind and other severely handicapped . mr. hasbrook has been active in indiana politics and has served in both houses of the state legislature . this doctor also must be willing to coordinate care among the specialists who treat his patients. doctors of internal medicine also can serve as good primary-care physicians , especially if they have had the training that qualifies them as a true generalist . `` we 're not locked out from the democratic party as openly gay people , '' says tom chorlton , past executive director of the national association of gay and lesbian democratic clubs , `` and we 're going to be making aids an issue. '' gov. dukakis already has felt the fury of homosexuals who , angered over his refusal to permit gays to serve as foster parents , criticized him during his reelection campaign and picketed him during the speech on boston common that opened his campaign last month . he 'd be replaced as foreign minister by current ambassador to the u.s. anatoly f. dobrynin . gromyko has served as foreign minister for 14 years and was himself ambassador to the u.s. before that . while volumes have been written on the fundamental soundness , or lack thereof , of the administration 's provision of arms to iran and the diversion of funds to the contras , one issue has been ignored : the nature and propriety of the role of the active military officers on the national security council. it can be argued that involving officers in this process was a mistake , but a mistake inherent in having active military personnel serving on the nsc staff . the yale corporation , whose chairman is the president of the university , has always featured a fair number of eminent personages . the members include ten successor fellows , a self-perpetuating group that serves indefinitely ; six alumni fellows elected by the alumni to six-year terms ; and two ex-officio members , the governor and lieutenant governor of connecticut . deputy attorney general arnold burns has the final authority over all such investigations , including whether mr. meese 's actions warrant a formal criminal inquiry. mr. meese , as previously reported , has acknowledged investing about $ 60,000 with a partnership set up by w. franklyn chinn , a san francisco investment manager who also served as a director and a consultant for wedtech . he reached eltham , the home of jacky 's aunt , as jacky custis died . the young man , only twenty-eight , had been serving as an aide on the general 's staff when he was taken ill . in el salvador , a group of congressional aides learned during a february visit that some u.s. food aid was used to prod local peasants into siding with the government. in some villages , the food , which is distributed by the salvadoran military under the sponsorship of the u.s. military , was being given only to those peasants who agreed to serve in the rural civil defense . i take strong exception to james p. sterba 's conclusion in his feb. 27 editorial-page article that `` too many '' non-line troops who served in vietnam do n't merit having the film `` platoon '' dedicated to them . another researcher called the action the `` friday afternoon massacre. '' senior officials at the fda were n't available for comment yesterday , but one fda staff member familiar with the physicians who served on the advisory committee said that `` it was the press that believed this drug was going to pass the committee with flying colors , but the committee simply asked for what is always required -- proof of clinical effectiveness . '' sam reserves most of his ridicule for my former boss and those of us around him. it may be the fact that mr. reagan served longer that provides sam with more ammunition , or perhaps we had chronic foot-in-mouth disease . despite his degrees in russian studies and international economics from boston college and johns hopkins school of advanced international studies , he decided to forgo a promising career in east-west trade relations to become a strategic consultant for companies and state and local governments. he once worked for arthur andersen & co. and bain & co. , and has served on president reagan 's commission for industrial competitiveness . the first settlers must have carried in their heads recollections of the country manors and rectories in which so many of them had been reared . some were regimental officers who had served in the american colonies , and in australia they drew on memories of a colonial architecture that had evolved in southern plantations and new england country towns . initially , the unit will supply generic drugs for certain of its hmo members , the company said. dr. philip s. schein , clinical professor of medicine and pharmacology at georgetown university , will serve as president and chief executive officer of the new unit . so some oil-industry types and their political helpers -- joined by hopeful academicians who had thriving energy consultancy careers cut short by the 1981 measures -- are working up a campaign to get uncle sam back into the business of energy price fixing. the tip-off came early in november when george m. keller , the chevron corp. ceo now serving as chairman of the american petroleum institute , proposed that the federal government help the industry set a `` minimum price '' for crude oil . the late adlai stevenson was a man greatly admired for his intelligence , integrity and remarkable ability to express america 's ideals and aspirations . he was also a man of experience , having served as governor of illinois . yet , having been twice defeated for president , he served no role in government , until john f. kennedy , a member of the same party as stevenson , appointed him ambassador to the united nations . indian officials said they based their latest court claims on documents carbide 's indian unit submitted to the government. the documents , filed between 1975 and 1981 , are requests by the unit to extend the employment of l.j. couvaras , a union carbide engineer who served as project manager during construction of the bhopal plant , the indian papers state . two incumbent governors from the securities industry were renominated : r. john stanton jr. , president and chief executive , rotan mosle inc. , and george a. vonder linden , president and chief executive , smith barney , harris upham & co. mr. jones and mr. johnson are serving the unexpired terms of previous governors , and their nominations are considered a formality . dee was careful at first , but soon enough kelly had talked him into producing his wondrous crystal. after the proper prayers and incantations , kelly offered to serve as skryer . alabama school for the blind had eight participants in the american junior blind bowling association fall tournament . mr. lewis kryger served as their coach . daniel j. boorstin , who has served as librarian of congress for nearly a dozen years , announced he would leave the post `` to become a full-time citizen of the republic of letters . '' congressional investigators say that mr. webster and one of his top aides , oliver `` buck '' revell , knew more about the secret arms shipments to iran -- and learned about them months earlier -- than previously disclosed. officials say that mr. revell found out about the iranian initiative last july or early august , while serving on a super-secret federal anti-terrorism group with then-national security council aide lt. col. oliver north . white and henkel were appointed nov. 7 to fill unexpired terms on the three-member bank board. because congress was n't in session then , they have served without confirmation . at one time weight was a major problem during the early days of camp. but so many of today 's athletes run summer camps and clinics , or serve as instructors , that it is convenient to work out . congressional investigators want to determine whether mr. meese or his aides contacted vice adm. poindexter or other nsc officials before the decision was made to resume the investigation , and what may have been discussed. on abc-tvs 's `` this week with david brinkley '' yesterday , rep. dante fascell ( d. , fla. ) , who will serve on the house select panel investigating the scandal , said the committee does n't want to prolong the probe , but it wo n't rush `` just to get it over with . '' succeeding him as president of the pharmaceutical and health products concern will be george ebright , smithkline 's 49-year-old chief operating officer. mr. ebright will serve as operations chief , as well as president , smithkline said . `` tell me exactly what happened and what you did at canton . `` merewether felt for a moment like a truant schoolboy summoned before the master , though this officer had served as his first lieutenant for six months and had been his close friend and confidant . nor did i say , `` honor thy father and thy mother `` ; because some parents are n't worth honoring ; i hope to be , and if i am , my children will respect me anyway . i made the commandment about all men being equal before the law the first one after i had served on the juvenile jury here in fort worth . the stake includes 113,000 shares purchased on jan. 21 at prices of $ 7.625 to $ 8.25 a share , the filing said. mr. edelman said he has controlled the new york-based company , which leases stockyards , for about four years and serves as vice chairman of its board . he was jealous because we had included tawab on the trip ! abdul was used to being our only afghan companion and always served as our interpreter on any trip . mr. winn , 62 , has been an important fund-raiser for several republican candidates , including president reagan and sen. armstrong. a former colorado gop chairman and gubernatorial candidate , mr. winn served as assistant secretary for housing and urban development in the beginning of the reagan administration . wherehouse directors rejected those bids. adler & shaykin has received financing commitments from chemical new york corp. and equitable capital management corp. , and merrill lynch capital markets is serving as its financial adviser for the buy-out , which will be completed by wei holdings inc. , the company formed by adler & shaykin . after the takeover of people express last month , it was been unclear what mr. burr would do. mr. burr also will serve as a director and chairman of the executive committee of continental airlines . you have met general bonaparte at my house. well then , it is he who wishes to serve as father to the orphans of alexandre beauharnais , as husband to his widow . walcott was his chief dependence . he had served his apprenticeship at the pay-table of connecticut , ending as comptroller of his native state . out of all this , the investors management company took in fees totaling $ 4,500,000 , with fundamental investors shouldering $ 3,000,000 of the cost and its brothers kicking in the rest . the key man in the over-all operation was hugh w. long , who served as president not only of the fund , but also of its three other specialized funds . mr. gates , who holds a doctorate in soviet history from georgetown university , was assigned to the staff of the national security council from 1974 until 1979. he also has served as the cia 's top soviet analyst . carrier or messenger pigeons are also important components of our armed forces . many of them served in the signal corps of the army and air force during world war ii . the orthodox would take the central superintendency , embracing kansas ; while the hicksites would be responsible for the northern superintendency , including nebraska. quakers were appointed as superintendents in both regions , and quaker agents were chosen to serve under them . there are today about 4,500,000 salespeople. approximately ninety per cent of these sales workers serve as salespeople in retail stores , salespeople in wholesale trade , manufacturers ' sales representatives , insurance agents and brokers , and real estate salesmen and brokers . after 7 minutes 5 seconds , boucher scored for the rangers who then went on , inspired , to win the cup . patrick remained with the rangers until 1946 , serving as their coach-general manager until 1939 and as their general manager after he turned coaching duties over to boucher . the airlines pay high salaries to their pilots , commensurate with the professional standards they demand . usually after a young pilot is hired and trained , he serves initially as a flight engineer or a first officer ( co-pilot ) . last may , department officials announced the close of a lengthy criminal investigation of the matter , which began in summer 1984 , without prosecuting ms. ferraro or her spouse. but at the time , government attorneys held open the possibility of filing a civil suit over ms. ferraro 's failure to disclose her husband 's finances on annual federal financial reports while she served in congress . nathaniel t. reece , 40-year-old chief financial officer and president of the newbery electric inc. unit , was elected to succeed mr. davies in the posts. mr. davies , 44 , continues as chairman and will serve as a consultant , `` working on last-minute attempts to keep the company out '' of bankruptcy-law proceedings or to work with interested parties if the company does file . throughout south america , for example , shamanism is , with only a few exceptions , restricted to men. it is also predominantly a male occupation among the eskimo , while women rarely serve as magicians in australia , melanesia , and polynesia . in it he says : `` give me just two or three men in a village and i will take the village . `` in the goldwater campaigns of 1952 and 1958 and in all other campaigns where i have served as a consultant , i have followed the advice of mao tse-tung . in 1967 , there were 215 schools under the department of education. 7,892 teachers and staff members were employed by the department for a total student enrollment of 169,662 in the public schools throughout the state. on the mainland , each community , city , or county elects a group of adult citizens to serve on a school board . terence anderson , judge hastings 's lawyer , said later that the case against the judge is `` warmed-over circumstantial evidence '' and predicted that there wo n't be an impeachment. judge hastings , the first black federal judge in florida , continues to serve , and is being assigned cases . the number of mci executives who knew before yesterday was fewer `` than the fingers you have on one hand , '' says one executive. during the 10 years that mr. wright served under mr. mcgowan as president and chief operating officer , they were the corporate equivalent of the odd couple . greene had approached me and i had agreed. shortly after i had bought the jewelry back the newspaper folded and i was among the unemployed until greene again approached me , this time to serve as the go-between in a kidnapping . although mr. gillespie ranks as one of the youngest chief executives of a midwestern bank holding company , he was tapped as chief executive material years ago. he said he was given `` very disciplined training '' by serving in a wide variety of posts . this very english expression of assent was elicited from isaac parker , a runaway sailor hiding in new town , old calabar , by his host , dick ebro , son of a new town king . isaac parker had been serving as a sailor before the mast on board the liverpool ship latham , which was commanded by an unpopular captain , george colley , known for starving and ill-treating his crew . the agency also has permitted the rapid expansion in such `` shadow , '' or derivative , markets of options on futures , which traders use in similar fashion to standard exchange-traded options. ms. phillips has been a `` generally positive influence on futures industry expansion '' and served at a `` pivotal time '' in the growth of the industry , said william brodsky , president of the chicago mercantile exchange . so many were slain that the cossacks barely had room enough to bury their dead . a single nun who had left her church to join them served as their only nurse . no alert . well , james a. michener did want to be an elector , and because he served his term , it 's quite possible that the not-so-venerable electoral college will never be the same again . brewer and brewster differed in their creeds , but they were loyal partners and worked well together . the former provided the necessary capital while the latter served as general manager and editor-in-chief . the early missionaries to lahaina , reverend and mrs. c. s. stewart , were accompanied on their 1822 voyage to the sandwich islands by `` betsy stockton , a colored female of education and piety , who had attached herself to mrs. stewart as a domestic and assistant missionary . `` ( this quote is from reverend stewart 's `` a residence in the sandwich islands . `` ) during her two and one-half years in hawaii , betsy stockton also served as a teacher at lahaina . `` i coughed a lot and turned green '' . before starting the liability project , mr. daynard served as president of the massachusetts group against smoking pollutions , or gasp , as the group is called . she suggested one or two democrats who might be staying at one of the harrisburg hotels , but we could n't locate them , so finally she said , `` mr. minehart , you 'll just have to be a delegate. '' it was agreed that minehart would serve in this emergency although he would have preferred not to . the appointment ends a five-month search for a successor to richard t. dibona , who suffered a stroke in february 1986 and resigned as president and chairman last october. mr. burke , 57 , succeeds frank a. brand , 62 , who served as acting chief executive officer . william e. brown , 48 years old , a senior vice president , was named to the additional position of chief operating officer of this utility. he succeeds leland r. nicholson , 63 , who remains president but relinquishes his operating duties to serve as a liaison with the community and to explore new business opportunities for the company . he previously was president of lockheed-georgia. -- e. lloyd graham , 59 , who also will serve as general manager of the unit 's headquarters operations . `` there is an understanding here that the kuomintang does n't want the student movement to attract public attention or sympathy , '' says a senior journalist. the papers , china times and united daily news , are privately owned by executives who also serve as members of the party 's central standing committee . and permits looting ? i served under him in the french and indian war , and but go on , boy . `` his son had entered the army : and young osborne followed presently in the same regiment . they had served in the west indies and in canada . mr. mcclaughry , a former senior policy adviser in the reagan white house , served on the central america task force . the 45-year-old mr. erra succeeds ray mendoza , 56 , who had held the posts on an interim basis since last month. last month douglas c. werner resigned as president and chief executive after serving eight months at the helm of this operator of health maintenance organizations . in particular , banks seeking to underwrite securities figure they will gain a more sympathetic ear at the fed. mr. greenspan is `` a real devotee of deregulation , '' says federal deposit insurance corp. chairman william seidman , who worked with the pending new fed chairman when both served in the ford white house . senior officials at the fda were n't available for comment yesterday , but one fda staff member familiar with the physicians who served on the advisory committee said that `` it was the press that believed this drug was going to pass the committee with flying colors , but the committee simply asked for what is always required -- proof of clinical effectiveness. '' some doctors familiar with the physicians who served on the advisory committee said they believed the fda staff maneuvered committee members into making their decision . admission tickets must be sold in advance , and this calls for a squad of aggressive student-sales-people. and , when the big day comes , quite a number of boys and girls must be ready to serve as ticket agents and ushers . `` well as a matter of fact , i have found somebody. and i 've already asked him , and he 's willing to serve as our sponsor and to talk for us at the town council meeting tomorrow . '' jesse jackson , who is considering another run for the presidency , has said that he expects mr. hatcher to play a major role in a 1988 campaign. in 1984 , mr. hatcher served as mr. jackson 's national campaign chairman . `` the system has to be unlocked , and i 'm not holding my breath until we get a president who 's strong enough to do that , '' says gen. secord. the memory of vietnam , where virtually all the military officers in the network served , plays a part in shaping this outlook . most of our people grinned from ear to ear , not that the whole thing had been a hoax , but that they were serving under a man who would n't be cowed by a ship carrying twice the firepower of his own . `` if morris and others aboard the constitution had been a bit dubious about the privilege of serving under a peevish disciplinarian , preble , in his turn , had been entertaining some doubts concerning his officers . he has been on the staff of the johnson publishing company of chicago , illinois , as an associate editor , and has been the new york editor of jet magazine and an associate editor of ebony magazine . for several years he served as a member of the public relations committee of the interracial council for business opportunity , a voluntary organization to aid small black business enterprises . most part-time legislators believe that they wo n't be reelected if they do n't pass at least three or four bills every session. mr. ledbetter , who served five terms in the arkansas legislature , calls it a trade-off . but mr. rule asserted that legislation is n't necessary. mr. rule , who has served as temporary head of the antitrust division twice in the past two years , has a reputation as a fervent , sometimes abrasive champion of the free market . in the gloomy hour before sunrise on december 15 , i headed westward through a blizzard to harrisburg , to play my role as a member of the state electoral college. the old parliamentarian who would supervise the proceedings had explained over the telephone that the other democratic electors had been consulted , and they wanted me to serve as their president . `` he had sounded cautious , but don was always cautious about committing himself to anything ; if they liked the idea it might be an excellent niche for roddy , and would very probably help to pull don and audrey out of the middle-aged sluggishness into which they were gradually settling . don had come to england to volunteer for aircrew duty in the r. a. f. in 1941 , and later served as a wireless operator with a bomber crew . since that time , pse vice chairman douglas j. engmann has served as acting chief executive and chairman of the exchange 's board of governors. mr. mann , who holds a doctorate in economics from syracuse university , was vice chairman of becker paribas for six years prior to its acquisition by merrill lynch & co. , and before that served for five years as president and chief executive of the federal home loan bank of san francisco. he served in 1969-70 as assistant director of the federal office of management and budget . george mercer , washington 's army friend , had been appointed in charge of stamps for virginia. he came to williamsburg and publicly declined to serve . as reported previously , mr. somers will become president and chief operating officer of initials+ inc. , a san francisco-based retailer. ms. bass currently serves as executive vice president and general merchandise manager of federated 's bloomingdale 's division in new york . the president can not expect to carry out his policy if he is n't elected , and he can not get elected without a policy that appeals to the electorate. ( in my own view , the importance of an arms-control agreement to the achievement of wide-based popular support for any administration has been massively exaggerated , but it is undeniable that such a connection has existed in the minds and calculations of senior administration officials. ) those who serve on the nsc staff are expected to reflect an understanding of this interaction between domestic political imperatives and national-security objectives . moreover , chairmen of the house and senate judiciary committees last month urged mr. mckay to investigate allegations that the attorney general `` invested in a company known to have ties to wedtech. '' mr. meese has acknowledged investing about $ 60,000 with a partnership established by w. franklyn chinn , a san francisco investment manager who also served as a director and a consultant for wedtech . as commander in chief , he returned this generosity tenfold. he was constantly on the look for talented young men ( like 20-year-old alexander hamilton and 19-year-old marquis de lafayette ) to serve as his aides , and he became extremely fond of most of them . they have four children . during world war ii , dr. mitchell served in the u.s. navy , in the european , african , and middle eastern theatres . the progeny of this puritan clung to new england until capt . noah grant , having served throughout the revolution , emigrated to pennsylvania in 1790 and later to ohio . before that , he was vice president for technology of sears world trade , a unit of chicago-based sears , roebuck & co. mr. woods also served as assistant secretary for public affairs at the defense department from 1976 to 1977 . in recent years , good salaries and living allowances have attracted many agricultural technicians to foreign service. some enter the service as u.s. government employees , or serve as guest technicians in foreign lands . on the eve of the volcker announcement , mr. volpicella sold about $ 4 million to buy japanese yen at 145 yen to the dollar , on the belief that the fed chairman would n't be reappointed and the dollar would fall. his hunch was based partly on reports that mr. volcker 's wife was opposed to his serving a third term at the fed . ronald reagan might like this new u.s. constitution : the president can serve an unlimited number of terms . it was passage of the national environmental policy act of 1969 that set in motion a major expansion of the federal involvement in the environmental crusade . that law created the council on environmental quality under the chairmanship of russell train , a well-known conservationist who had served in the interior department . the long-awaited jubilee had come . these former slaves proved a great help to sherman ; men served as guides and laborers ; women cooked and laundered . the majority were better represented by men like senator jefferson davis of mississippi who , while apparently committed to the idea of southern nationalism , were not convinced that the time and circumstances were propitious in 1850 , and were willing to co-operate with the compromise element within the democratic party to the limited extent necessary to maintain a sympathetic government in washington . with such a point of view , davis served as secretary of war in the cabinet of president franklin pierce . they had grazed some two miles during the two hours since noon camp ; then , coming into a region where the grass was spotty , strung them out . blackie and martinez were on the points ; professor , cory , dandy , and baldy served as outriders ; scott and shorty had the hard labor of pushing the drags . mr. freiman , 52 , has served in a variety of positions during his 24 years at the pharmaceutical company , most recently as executive vice president for pharmaceuticals and agribusiness . i have had little time for lolling about this year. the credit union , where i serve as manager , treasurer , loan officer and security officer , has grown considerably . a free-lance word processor figured the two-week jury-duty stint would cost her $ 1,200 ; she , too , never got to serve. most people recognized their duty to serve on a jury . they do not stand up for any national anthem or salute any flag , for these are but earthly symbols and to honour them would verge on idolatry. they will not serve in any army , for there is only one just cause and that is the cause of the lord . mr. pezim , who helped found the company , said he would press his feud against management. mr. pezim said the board had broken an agreement under which he was to have continued to serve in an `` executive position '' with the company . it hardly seems possible that it has been two years since i last submitted a statement for a directorship on the board . i have enjoyed serving on the board for the past twelve years and hope that your vote will make it possible for me to continue for another biennium . indeed , his critics believe he knows it too well. for a brief three years in the early 1970s , he served in the bottom tier of the foreign service in laos and belgium . the senior hamilburg continues as a director for the maker of rubber bands and other products. maurice hamilburg previously served as executive vice president . unhappily , there was no trophy to show for this fourth american naval triumph of october , 1812 . jacob jones was a strange man , older than most of the officers who had served with commodore preble . throughout the meal they talked of horses . loomis had once served in a cavalry regiment and had hunted at melton mowbray ; the american owned a ranch in arizona and bred quarter horses . -- the government exerts leverage over unions by setting the minimum wage , fixing prices on basic commodities , underwriting a workers ' bank and housing fund , adjudicating workplace disputes , determining the legality of strikes , and winking at ubiquitous corruption. -- even though its legitimacy has declined , the pri 's imprimatur remains essential to labor candidates eager to serve in the congress and elsewhere -- in 1985 , to propitiate the union movement , labor 's representation was increased to 25 % of the pri 's delegation within the chamber of deputies , and ctm stalwarts also hold the governorships of three states , campeche , durango and nayarit . as one who served on president carter 's staff in his hour of travail , i remember well the generous support of the wall street journal following the failed attempt in april of 1980 to rescue our hostages in iran . what upsets congress more than the diversion of funds is the administration 's decision to use private citizens , including foreign agents and arms merchants , to carry out secret foreign initiatives without consulting congress. this privatization of american foreign policy `` is far more important than watergate , '' charges sen. inouye , who served on the senate watergate committee 14 years ago . applying himself assiduously to learning the spoken and written languages of china , including mongolian , he so impressed kublai khan that the ruler made him his personal emissary , sending him on important missions across his vast dominions . he even served three years as governor of the rich city of yangchow , a center of arms manufacture , with 24 towns under his jurisdiction . in addition , they say he wants to butter up attorney general edwin meese , who has been campaigning against pornography and whose support mr. fowler needs to push through telecommunications legislation. `` when the criticism ( by conservatives ) ends , the fcc 's actions will end , '' predicts bruce fein , who once served as fcc general counsel under mr. fowler . rod canion is president , and james m. harris is vice president , engineering. mr. murto said he plans to attend the university of st. thomas in houston to earn a master 's degree in religious education , and then hopes to become a deacon -- a layman with certain responsibilities in the catholic church -- or serve as an executive in non-profit groups . mr. segawa went to the front door , but the man derided him as a lowly `` stock peddler '' and told him to enter through the kitchen. to mr. tokuyama , who also served as the dean of the nomura school of advanced management , mr. segawa 's experience offers a clue to nomura 's drive . and why was his voice , barely audible in person , screaming loudest in the wilderness , often drowning out the more conservative voices of the n. a. a. c. p. , the urban league and other highly respected negro organizations ? i asked malcolm x , who served as my guide through the intricacies of islam , some of these same questions late one night as we drove along the noisy streets of harlem . mr. murrill in november stepped down as chief executive , taking a pay cut of $ 100,000. he will continue to serve on the board and as a special adviser to mr. draper , 44 . two delegates , called burgesses , were elected from each of eleven large plantations ; their duty was to establish a college and schools . the burgesses served under a council and the governor , appointed in london . he helped to organize the colony 's first militia , and played a leading role in the creation of its paper currency . for 16 years he served as postmaster of philadelphia , a job that he took to protect his newspaper . ( it was the habit of postmasters to permit the mailing only of newspapers they owned . ) messrs. norris and o'dea have since denied that they are looking to serve on the board . then , eying me closely , he told me that the black panthers would like for me to join their party. `` you could serve as a minister of information . '' short , stocky isaac hull , in the argus , was steady and capable , a man to be counted on solidly , as was red-headed , little charles stewart who had the syren . and there were others , lieutenants and midshipmen serving under these men , who had the makings of fine officers wadsworth , lawrence , macdonough , and morris , for instance . since there are nine members of the court , one seat would become vacant every two years , assuring each president the right to appoint , with senate approval , two justices ( four if the president were reelected ) . whenever a justice , for whatever reason , failed to complete his term , the president would name a successor , but that successor would serve only the unexpired portion of the term for which his predecessor had been appointed . for instance , g. william domhoff , a sociologist at the university of california at santa cruz , who also writes about leadership , disputes mr. baltzell 's contention that upper-class leadership is declining. mr. domhoff points to the 1988 presidential candidacy of pierre s. dupont iv and the fact that members of several prominent families still serve in the senate . i doubt he is going to arouse any antagonism. '' the departure of mr. shad , who has served as sec chairman for a record six years , is n't expected to trigger any staff shakeup or an exodus of personnel . a former mgm/ua entertainment co. production executive claims that his company -- one of hollywood 's weakest major studios before it was dissolved in the last year -- suffered because it was shut off from caa 's best projects in 1984 after a dinner at which one of its top officers offended mr. ovitz by `` trying to tell him how to run his agency. '' on the other hand , several sources say mr. ovitz chose at about the same time to support tri-star pictures inc. as a new studio -- and customer -- by arranging for mr. pollack , the director , to serve as its `` creative consultant . '' `` controls obviously went awry , '' mr. tully said. merrill lynch added that former secretary of state william p. rogers and former securities and exchange commission member irving m. pollack will serve as advisers to senior merrill lynch executives in `` an intensive review '' of the firm 's trading policies . `` there seems to have been no major blunder in mr. yamamoto 's mangement , '' he said. sixty-year-old mr. furuta served in several senior miti posts before retiring in 1981 . headed by lewis lehrman , the former drugstore tycoon , it has done everything from sponsoring national tours by contra leaders to printing `` fact books '' warning of the sandinistas ' communist subversion of the region. mr. lehrman , a recent convert to catholicism , also serves with mr. grace on several catholic charities , including the knights . in march , asher edelman , the takeover artist who serves as chairman of datapoint corp. , expressed every confidence in his acting chief executive officer -- doris bencsik , who was believed to be the highest-ranking executive woman in the computer industry . -- sing `` america , the beautiful '' in honor of amerigo vespucci , `` who gave his name to this continent , and saved the lives of countless early seafarers and colonists by recommending pickled vegetables be eaten to ward off the sickness known as scurvy. '' -- write to the supreme court bemoaning the fact that a frankfurter ( felix ) and a burger ( warren ) have served as justices , but no pickle . mr. gray has been eager to resolve the problems of financial corp. before leaving office. and though mr. gray will serve until his successor , congressional staffer m. danny wall , is confirmed , he is n't expected to remain in office much longer than june 30 . john herrington , energy secretary , and former transportation secretary drew lewis , now president of union pacific corp. , are considered to be leading candidates for mr. regan 's job. other possible candidates include former nevada sen. paul laxalt ; a former white house congressional affairs director , kenneth duberstein ; labor secretary william brock , education secretary william bennett , and treasury secretary james baker , who served as chief of staff in mr. reagan 's first term . `` peter sort of channels people to our organization , '' she says. mr. grace 's `` rescue '' mission concluded a stormy 20-year relationship with mr. john , who in 1960 had asked him to serve as de rance 's treasurer and as its representative on miller brewing 's board . he is a trustee of barnard college , a member of the advisory council of the national culture center , and the dramatists guild. he was selected by governor rockefeller to serve on the committee of the state council on the arts a pioneer attempt to send theatrical and musical events to communities throughout new york state . while many analysts and competitors are negative about mr. popejoy 's strategy for putting american savings on firm footing , those who have worked with mr. popejoy are more positive. `` i think he has done an outstanding job with a situation that i believe is impossible to solve , '' says ernest m. fleischer , chairman of a large kansas thrift who served as a financial corp. consultant . miss claire culhane 's description of gi attitudes toward the vietnamese can be found in her unpublished diary , kept while she was in quang ngai province and available from her at 6876 sherbrooke street , west , no. 20 , montreal 262 , quebec , canada . dr. gordon s. livingston , baltimore , maryland , who formerly served with colonel patton in south vietnam , told of the prejudice of u.s. hospital officials in the saturday review , september 20 , 1969 . legal experts expect that whoever is chosen as independent counsel will have unprecedented leeway in shaping the criminal investigation. the leading candidate appears to be retired federal judge lawrence walsh , 74-year-old former president of the american bar association , diplomat and justice department official , who served in the eisenhower and nixon administrations . ironically , the pollard scandal exploded just as u.s.-israeli intelligence cooperation was at its best , with mr. casey setting the tone. some israeli sources in washington fear that the tenure of the new cia director , william webster , may be a throwback to the times of mr. colby and adm. stansfield turner , who served during the carter administration . mr. sprinkel made the comments in an interview after announcing his plans to leave the government and return to chicago , where he has spent most of his life. he has been with the reagan administration since early 1981 , serving first as undersecretary of the treasury and then becoming chairman of the council of economic advisers 2 1/2 years ago . mr. franke , chairman of southwest forest , said in an interview that his discussions with roger w. stone , chairman of stone container , began `` in the latter part of last year. '' mr. franke said he had known mr. stone for many years and that they served as directors of a paper industry trade group . i do n't have anything against vietnam veterans ' solidarity. everyone who served time -- air-conditioned or not -- in vietnam shares certain common feelings and experiences . justice department officials over the weekend also confirmed the post 's report that mr. meese is considering whether to withdraw his investment from a partnership set up by financial management international inc. franklyn chinn , head of the san francisco-based investment firm , has served as a consultant to wedtech and his activities are under scrutiny by federal prosecutors . if the dam failed , the probable maximum flood on the santa ana river would inundate 1.3 million residents in anaheim and other suburbs and cause as much as $ 40 billion in damages , mostly in orange county , according to the corps 's risk assessment. mr. gianelli , who served as california 's water resources director under gov. ronald reagan , remains unpersuaded . the 1987 president of the kingsville chamber of commerce is dr. steve altman , current president of texas a & i. dr. altman also served two years as president of a miami-area chamber of commerce while president of florida international university . during more than five decades as a lawyer , the vigorous 74-year-old has earned widespread respect and admiration in other jobs as well. as a state prosecutor in new york , he pursued organized crime in the late 1930s , served as a federal judge from 1954 to 1957 , and was deputy attorney general for the final three years of the eisenhower administration . sandra had sat down by the thinnest boy , who wore a small christ-like beard round the rim of his jaw , and was fondling his hand . the other boy stared at his shoes , smoking in sharp puffs , and june saw with astonishment that he was the assistant who served at the cold meats counter at the grocer 's in the main street . since mr. maxwell 's not going to retire soon , i guess he was seeking other opportunities. '' mr. cahouet is the fourth president to serve under mr. maxwell , succeeding mark riedy , who left in july 1986 after only 18 months . john l. lesher , a senior executive with paris-based management consultants mars & co. , was named president and chief executive officer of home group financial services inc. , a unit of home group inc. , the new york-based insurance holding company said. mr. lesher also will serve as senior vice president for planning at the parent company . now his hero was more fascinating than ever ; he had seen foreign places and could tell tales of ships and battles . lawrence had served on the flagship and was the friend of a real admiral . there is no snow in ... andre malraux , the grand old man of french literature and de gaulle 's minister of culture , is the veteran of many a guerrilla action : the chinese revolution , the spanish civil war , and the french resistance during world war ii. now malraux has decided to put his experience into use with an offer to serve as a soldier in the ranks of the bengali separatists of bangla desh . this objective would make adl systems one of the top 15 software houses . president of the new company is dr. bernard w. romberg , who was responsible for many of adl 's largest systems implementation projects and most recently served as head of the information technology group in adl 's management sciences division . he organized the montgomery welfare league to help poor people get on relief . he established the first uso club for negroes in montgomery and served as chairman of the local naacp for more than two decades . `` i 'd worked all my life and i 'd never stopped to smell the flowers , '' says mr. gluck , who began his career holding down jobs as a waiter and launching a small advertising specialty business while he was a student at the wharton school at the university of pennsylvania. in the 10 years between monogram and caesars world , mr. gluck says he did almost everything he intended to do when he retired , including learning to ski , improving his tennis game , taking extended vacations to europe with his wife and children , and serving on various educational committees . the tribes , those that were left , showed that they still had a power to help themselves if they were encouraged to use it . in world war ii , about 25,000 indians served in the armed forces . some say that de gaulle feels about france the way ( historian jules ) michelet felt about joan of arc yet michelet never considered himself to be joan of arc . the case is indeed without precedent , particularly since here the hero serves as his own historian . the surprising decision of donald regan to propose increasing corporate taxes by $ 150 billion , for instance , could hardly have been expected. mr. regan , after all , was the former chairman of merrill lynch & co. and served as treasury secretary under a president who once said there is no justification for taxing corporate income . in days gone by the changes at sea were measured by centuries . an officer who served under christopher columbus in the santa maria would not have experienced too much trouble if he came aboard the constitution 300 years later . the american stock exchange nominating committee proposed eight new candidates to serve on the exchange 's 25-member board of governors , and renominated two current board members . david l. winn , a physician , was named to the board , succeeding j. eugene stubbs , formerly the software company 's chief financial officer and senior vice president , finance and administration. dr. winn served on the company 's board between 1977 and 1984 and is a son of the company 's founder and brother of its president . in recruiting mr. cohen , data access issued him warrants to buy one million unissued common shares at 10 cents and additional warrants for 2.5 million shares at $ 1 each. a spokesman for data access said mr. cohen , the company 's controlling shareholder , sold 1.8 million of his 2.6 million common shares to phoenix financial corp. , where mr. ackerman served as chairman and chief executive . he carried picket signs before he picked up his first set of tools as an apprentice at the heidrich tool & die co. in oak park , mich. even so , mr. yokich is part of the new wave of uaw leadership -- the first group that did n't serve under walter p. reuther , a uaw co-founder and president for more than three decades . regency said that joseph e. boone , who was president and chief executive officer as well as chairman , has resigned. mr. boone , 50 years old , declined to comment , but the company said he agreed to serve as a consultant seeking buyers for regency 's consumer businesses . mr. henkel and lawrence white , both appointed to the three-member bank board nov. 7 after congress adjourned without acting on their nominations , were renominated friday. because the senate was n't in session when the two men were appointed , they were able to serve without confirmation . i even got to play a small role once as a priest in de sica 's bicycle thief . in all , i served as an assistant on 58 films . mr. conable said he will appoint a senior officer to a new position in charge of coordinating programs for heavily indebted countries. appointment of the official , who also will serve as a `` financial intermediary '' in packaging credits from the world bank and commercial banks , signals a new emphasis at the world bank on lending to help developing countries deal with overall debt problems . he was an early and vigorous critic of the court-packing plan , and finally with the coming of world war ii , he fought the president on the repeal of the arms embargo and opposed u.s. efforts to rearm the allies . senator wheeler served continually in the united states senate from 1928 to 1947 . yasser arafat was reelected as the leader of a reunified plo by the 340-member palestinian national council , which ended a six-day meeting in algiers. terrorist abu abbas , who is wanted in the 1985 hijacking of the achille lauro , was reelected to serve `` provisionally '' on the plo 's governing board , sources said . the exchange said that a committee will be appointed by the merc board to hear charges of violations of these proposals and to monitor trading under the new rules. the merc also proposed that group members not be allowed to serve on the same disciplinary or pit committee . eventually , there were over six thousand documented cases of impressment , and the number may have been as great as ten thousand by 1812 . certainly , more americans served in the british navy during the period than the united states navy required for its total manpower . new exec vp donald stokes ' background is less well-rounded , but enterprising : he developed a coin-operated shoeshine machine that became franchised nationally , and at one time was a partner of the chicken delight man , a. l. tunick ... . after two years as board chairman of data network corp. , lately rechristened mega systems , inc. , h. l. meckler has resigned , no reason given , no replacement yet ... . another resigner for personal reasons is c. r. hall , president of applied time sharing , inc. , a bunker-ramo affiliate in villanova , pa. he is succeeded by guy e. warner , a bunker-ramo man , as is new board chairman frank c. casillas . both also have long ge management experience , and casillas also served with rand . george n. friedlander , 79 , the retired chairman of exeter international corp. , a private boston holding company , was appointed chairman. david golder , also 79 and the retired executive vice president of exeter , was appointed to the board and will serve as company secretary . `` we may not satisfy all congressional critics of business , but we think that most corporations and major accounting firms will recognize the need for these changes , '' added mr. treadway , a former securities and exchange commission member who has just been named general counsel of painewebber inc. , a securities firm. in one of the most sweeping changes , the panel urges that the sec be given more power by congress to impose fines , bring cease and desist proceedings , and bar or suspend violators from serving as corporate officers or directors . attaining the second level means a $ 2,000 raise , while the third level is worth $ 3,000 a year. in addition to their regular classroom duties , teachers at the second and third levels serve as mentors for new teachers and help to develop instructional materials . mr. sawicz , 39 years old , will succeed anthony j. hanlon , 46 , who the company said has resigned to `` devote his time to private interests. '' mr. hanlon will continue to serve as a consultant to the company and its principal subsidiary , discount corp. of new york . when they reached the bank of the gray don , warriors were waiting with a flat barge to float the sacks of food and powder down the river to the fort. because he wanted to join his brother , stenka went on the massive barge , taking his black horse with him , although he was still too young to serve in a cossack regiment . he 's our new brigadier. upon my recommendation , and that of general heintzelman , general kearny has selected you to serve on his staff . the writer served in 1980-81 on the department of energy 's senior advisory board . iran provided arms merchant manucher ghorbanifar with nearly $ 87 million -- substantially more than previously indicated -- while he served as the main middleman for u.s. arms sales to iran , according to the tower commission report . as the financial obligations of the khoo family and national bank grew , such borrowing escalated sharply , rising to $ 228 million at the end of last october from $ 129 million at the end of 1985 and just $ 32 million at the end of 1983. documents obtained in the national bank investigation also shed new light on one of the central mysteries of the affair : the close but enigmatic relationship between the khoo family and brunei 's ruling royal family , headed by 40-year-old sultan hassanal bolkiah , who has served as both monarch and prime minister since brunei 's independence in 1984 . a few , exempt from the draft for one reason or another , went to china where they served in the friends ambulance unit , convoying medical supplies and later offering war relief on both sides of the chinese civil war . others served in india , where the afsc was asked to help during the famine of 1944 . by this time , there was a solid foundation stock of kennel-raised canaans , many of which were trained to guide the blind , a service they perform today . serving in other capacities , canaans guard israel 's borders and factories , and protect homes and children . the business systems sector had a loss of $ 30 million last year on revenue of $ 272.3 million. john n. lemasters , contel 's president and chief executive officer , will serve as acting executive for the business systems sector . a fierce proponent of the rights of the people , an adversary to all that would vest government in the hands of a few , he suffered more defeats of his individual proposals than almost any other delegate , yet in the end his larger ideas prevailed . after his work at the convention , he helped write pennsylvania 's second constitution , served in congress and on the federal supreme court , where he delivered several pace-setting opinions . at one annual meeting , he told shareholders he had forgotten his notes and then sent someone back to the office to get them. he succeeded his father as chairman and chief executive in 1984 , though the senior mr. lewis , 66 , continues to serve as chairman of the board 's executive committee and goes to his headquarters office every day . one possibility is the saarland 's governor , oskar lafontaine , who favors a loosening of germany 's ties to the north atlantic treaty organization. another name mentioned frequently is volker hauff , a member of parliament who served in the cabinet of former chancellor helmut schmidt . houghton mifflin co. said that michael janeway , who resigned last year as editor of the boston globe , will become executive editor of the textbook publisher 's trade and reference division. mr. janeway , currently a fellow at harvard university 's john f. kennedy school , served as special assistant to secretary of state cyrus vance from 1977 to 1978 and had been managing editor of the atlantic magazine . the presidentially appointed tower commission , describing what it called a general `` insensitivity to legal issues '' at the highest levels of the reagan administration , challenged some of mr. meese 's legal conclusions and activities. `` if he ( mr. meese ) had any doubts at all '' about the legality or propriety of certain dealings with iran , `` he should have gotten a formal legal opinion '' from the justice department 's office of legal counsel , says former attorney general griffin bell , a democrat who served in the carter administration . from 1958 to 1984 , local 560 was bossed by mr. provenzano , a reputed member of the vito genovese crime gang , and his two brothers , salvatore and nunzio provenzano. the three are currently in federal prison for crimes committed while serving as local 560 officers . mr. elliot moves to mbia from his position as vice president of financial guarantees for aetna. john butler , now president of municipal issuers service corp. , will serve as vice chairman of mbia . head of the western conference since 1958 , he has been appointed by the last two governors of california to a number of state boards . for a time he served as a regent of the university of california . u.s. state department officials for two years have unsuccessfully strained to make uno powerful enough to control the nicaraguan democratic force , known by the spanish initials fdn , the main contra army. alfonso robelo , a moderate contra and one of two members of the current uno directorate , says he wo n't serve in a new seven-man directorate expected to be formed within three weeks if conservative adolfo calero , who resigned from the current directorate in february , takes a seat on the same panel . before i reached the age of 17 , i gained much practical experience sailing on lake constance , where i learned to handle nearly every kind of sailboat from a nutshell to a 60-foot , two-masted yacht . at 18 i served a six-month hitch as an apprentice aboard a schooner sailing the baltic and north sea . the commission appointed by the faculty of medicine included several leading figures from different sciences . one was benjamin franklin , then seventy-eight years old and serving as the american ambassador to france . members of the chamber of deputies are elected on the basis of population , just as members of our house of representatives are. they serve for terms of three years ; in our house of representatives members serve for terms of two years. s watch a tv program in which the president of the united states appears . those not in written form were given verbally by the various chairmen or committee members. names were then submitted to serve on the nominating committee for the annual convention . ex-treasury secretary robert anderson admitted in federal court to several tax-evasion schemes and illegally operating an offshore bank. anderson served under eisenhower . after being released from a cuban prison , he joined the united states navy as a midshipman . like his famous father , porter first served in the constellation . mr. stursberg , 66 , relinquished the chairman 's job and became a company director in 1986 so that he could devote more time to other business ventures. in addition to his new post , mr. ciasullo , 50 , will continue to serve as president and chief operating officer of the maker of computer workstations , printers and related software and equipment . besides dealing with chronic deficits in past years , she also has had to contend with labor discord as executive director of consumers union , the nonprofit foundation that publishes the magazine. a lawyer , ms. karpatkin has held the post since 1974 ; she previously served as the foundation 's outside attorney . you know the language , louis , and the kikuyu trust you. will you serve on the committee ? `` but really , it 's such silly putty. '' nonetheless , the emphasis on numbers has changed the way congress works by diminishing the influence of the authorizing committees , on which most members serve . the british influence is also apparent in detroit 's new `` beat commander `` project , launched several months ago in a heavily negro area with a crime rate that is above the city-wide average and rising. instead of being constantly shifted about , two dozen policemen will serve for an entire year in a roughly one-square-mile area containing about 15,000 people . mattel inc. said raymond w. ferris , who served on an executive committee that briefly ran the toy company , resigned as executive vice president for strategic planning . `` some of the most sleazy characters you can imagine were bilking people through this ad hoc process. '' among other things , mr. walsh and congressional investigators have documents and testimony indicating that col. north and robert owen , who served as a courier to contra groups , were aware of , and apparently condoned , plans to secretly siphon off profits to some contra supporters . of those who served in vietnam only a minority bore the full brunt . then mr. kirby ended the day by plunking himself in front of the television to take in a basketball game and an america 's cup yacht race. other chief executives may feel lost away from the hustle and bustle of corporate life , but not mr. kirby , who retired in 1983 after serving nine years as chairman of the electrical equipment and broadcasting concern . but there was one occasion , at least , that stands out in my memory as both exciting and unique. in september 1960 i was asked to serve on the american delegation to the interparliamentary union , which was meeting in tokyo that year . he is only the fourth president of the company , founded by w.c. coleman in 1900 , and the third family member to hold the position. mr. jones , who served as president for 14 years through 1985 , was the only non-family member to serve in that post . did you know that it takes as long or longer for a pilot to qualify for command of an aircraft as it does for a doctor to qualify for practice ? seven years is the average time a co-pilot serves before he wears the coveted four stripes of a captain . `` we could walk into any night club , `` said muzz patrick , `` and the patrons would stand and cheer . `` thirteen rangers served in world war ii , virtually ruining the franchise . sir geoffrey is a good diplomat and he does n't come right out and say that one of the good things about lord blake is that he would be content to be a figurehead. to make his point , he mentions the time lord curzon served as chancellor . `` i never heard that. do you think he would consent to serve as my `` friend , '' sir ? '' atlantic richfield co. said john a. gavin , the former u.s. ambassador to mexico who became an arco vice president last june , is resigning to head a spanish-language communications company. mr. gavin , 55 years old and an actor before he served as mexican ambassador from 1981 to 1986 , was named president of univisa satellite communications , a closely held concern based in los angeles . as previously reported , the transaction was financed with $ 160 million in long-term debt from a group of banks , a bridge loan by donaldson lufkin , and equity investments by hicks & haas and donaldson lufkin. palco acquisitions co. , which was formed to acquire palco , also includes james n. mills , a hicks & haas partner who will serve as chairman , president and chief executive officer of the company . manuel a. estrella , president of the company , which is known as pnoc , and others on the six-member board met with government proponents of the denationalization plan led by vicente paterno , a philippine senator and former pnoc president. under mr. paterno 's direction , the board had accepted the government 's plans and had begun to actively court foreign investors , including british petroleum plc and kuwait petroleum corp. only two members of the current board served during mr. paterno 's tenure as pnoc president . mr. fiske , who was in washington yesterday for testimony on robert bork 's nomination to the supreme court , declined to comment. he was appointed manhattan u.s. attorney by president ford and served in that post until 1980 , personally trying cases against heroin trafficker leroy `` nicky '' barnes and labor figure anthony m. scotto . master commandant oliver hazard perry , who commissioned the making of the flag in a frontier settlement on lake erie , was not one of preble 's boys , although he might well have claimed kinship through association , as did the philadelphia officers . a lieutenant in the adams of richard morris ' squadron , perry had missed serving under preble by the narrowest of margins when he decided to go home in the fall of 1803 . last year alone , three democrats left the senate budget committee ; four of the six democrats who joined the panel are newcomers to the senate. one of those freshmen , timothy wirth of colorado , previously served on the house budget committee , and he once remarked : `` the pleasure i felt when i got on the budget committee was exceeded only by the pleasure i had getting off it . '' he knows very well what real censorship is and how dangerous it is. he has been a member of iti and now serves as its president because he understands its crucial role is in inspiring exchange between artists and in protecting them . the nsc is part and parcel of the white house structure , and decisions on national security can not be made in a domestic-policy vacuum. while serving as head of the nsc , mr. kissinger maintained , for example , that president nixon 's approach to an arms-control agreement was totally above domestic-policy considerations . the romans made better use of their cattle than did the greeks , and the roman herds provided food , labor and hides . cheese was a major food in the roman diet and was introduced into germany , england , france , switzerland and the low countries by romans serving in those lands . consider richard m. nixon . he served as congressman and senator from california , then was twice elected vice-president , distinguishing himself as an active participant in government , thereby bringing a new dimension to the office . in addition , carl watson , currently executive vice president , marketing , will become president and chief operating officer. the elder mr. noland had also served as president , and there had been no officially designated chief operating officer . they worked closely with two other key men : william j. quinn , sixty-one , a lawyer and former f. b. i. man who followed menk into the presidency of the burlington and is now chairman of the burlington northern 's closest competitor , the milwaukee road , and robert w. downing , fifty-eight , budd 's executive vice president . a brilliant operating officer , downing was responsible for planning and coordinating the details of the merger , serving on a master committee that monitored progress . pittston 's stock fell 50 cents to close at $ 12.875 in composite new york stock exchange trading. robin h.h. wilson , president of burlington air express , will serve as president of both wtc and burlington in a combined unit , pittston said . mr. atkins 's lawyer says that the trades did entail risk , but he argues that even if the jury found they did not entail such risk , they should have been considered legitimate nonetheless. mr. moss , who from 1978 to 1980 served as deputy chief of the criminal division at the u.s. attorney 's office in the southern district of new york , also questioned the reliability of the four men who testified against mr. atkins . `` it is , indeed , frustrating , '' rep. cheney says. but he adds , `` i will die a happy man if i get to serve two years in the majority in the house . '' they made strange claims in the hope of being sent immediately to the front . rockwell and thaw swore that they had served in the mexican army and when their corporal later commented on their inexperience at drill , they informed him with straight faces that mexicans fought only guerrilla warfare . lincoln chatkoff , of maplewood , mass. , solemnly swore that he had served five years with the salvation army . the ap reported that mrs. whittlesey telephoned rep. henry hyde , who in turn talked to reps. dan mica and olympia snowe , who serve on the investigating subcommittee . another fast-rising young officer was also up for promotion in 1969 . colonel robert m. montague served as a deputy for pacification to the military command in saigon , and had volunteered to stay many years beyond his normal tour of duty . others who were named yesterday were : william mack , a building contractor and chairman of the javits convention center ; nora bredes , head of the shoreham opponents coalition , a citizens ' group working to keep shoreham from ever operating ; irving like , an attorney who has represented long island counties against lilco on rate-increase requests ; richard kessel , the state consumer protection board director ; john canas , president of north fork bancorp in east moriches , n.y. , and vincent tese , the state 's economic development director. mr. mack will serve as chairman . tierco said it hopes another investor will put up at least $ 15 million to join the partnership. joseph m. murphy , tierco chairman and chief executive officer , will serve as chairman and a principal of value investors . eds owns 51 % of nippon eds and nippon information 49 % , an eds spokesman said. yukitsugu shimokawa , president of nippon information , will serve as president of nippon eds , and bob barker , managing director of eds japan , as executive vice president . in every firm with more than five jobs , the workers elect a council by secret ballot. most councils number anywhere from 15 to 120 members , depending on the size of the enterprise , and they serve for two years . the standard measure of the quality of a lower court judge 's performance is the frequency with which his decisions are overturned. judge bork , who has served on the circuit court for the district of columbia for five years , has written about 100 majority opinions and none has been overruled . none could be more typical than a likable , bearded young man with long hair and a gentle face named tim butz . tim had enlisted in the air force out of high school , and had served with distinction in vietnam . `` i just ca n't go by the courthouse without feeling depression and frustration , '' says a los angeles man. he recently served 10 working days on jury duty without being chosen for a single case . an attempt was made to protect women from heavy work that might keep them from having healthy children . in the war years women served in the army , but almost exclusively behind the front , as our own wac 's did . the skilled occupations are also known as the `` crafts , `` and therefore skilled workers are also called craftsmen. because of their additional training , skilled workers serve under less supervision than semiskilled workers , and they may be called upon to exercise more judgment than the latter . lawrence walsh , the iran-contra independent counsel , immediately said he will seek permission to file papers opposing the government 's views. and fred wertheimer , head of the citizens ' lobby common cause , asserted that the justice department 's position `` could dangerously undermine all of the ongoing criminal investigations that involve numerous individuals who have served at the highest levels '' of the administration . some officials said they believe mr. carlucci 's and lt. gen. powell 's ties to mr. weinberger may mean the council staff will align itself more closely to the defense department 's hard-line positions on arms control and east-west relations. but officials close to mr. carlucci said the new national security adviser is determined to serve as an honest broker between the pentagon , the state department , the cia and other agencies . mr. neely could n't be reached at work or home for comment. he has been a smith employee for 22 years , serving as chief executive since 1976 and chairman since 1977 . mr. roman , who will retain his post as president , succeeds william e. phillips , who remains chairman of the parent. the company named to its board ian hunt , chairman and chief executive officer of research international , which the company acquired in january , and hugh parker , who serves on several boards and was managing director of the british unit of mckinsey & co. , a management-consultant firm , until he retired in 1983 . however , he is considered more of a promoter and fund-raiser than an academic. he is a west point graduate and combat veteran of the korean war , and served from 1970 to 1972 as president nixon 's assistant secretary of state for congressional relations . raised on a farm in palmyra , michigan , he went to work in the firm 's chicago office in 1948 and rose to the rank of partner in eight years ; ordinarily , it takes about a dozen years to get that far . before becoming chief executive , he served for eight years as head of the cleveland office . at the centre he was respected not because he was dictatorial which he is but because he was dynamic and competent. he was equally loved for his big-hearted nature , and everyone was infinitely proud to serve under his command . it was soviet president andrei gromyko , dubbed `` mr. nyet '' when he served as foreign minister , who `` once warned us that behind mr. gorbachev 's 'nice smile ' lie 'teeth of steel , ' '' one analyst notes . associates of chairman paul volcker praise mr. johnson 's thoughtfulness. he is also an oft-mentioned candidate to succeed mr. volcker if the fed chief is n't reappointed to another four-year term , or declines to serve again , when his current term expires in august . that is doubtful , since he claims to be only an antropologo , a considerably lesser status to the experienced indian . so many indians have served as informants that , in one state at least , there are jokes that anthropology is the third biggest industry after oil and beer . after the first year i was the only communist member until 1936 , when clarence hathaway was added , to substitute for me when i was unavailable . dr. harry f. ward , of the union theological seminary , became chairman in 1935 and served until the war . despite his height of 6 feet 5 inches , which appears taller because of his erect posture , mr. pearson cuts a low profile here , making him an ideal representative for the publicity-shy mellons. during the 1970s , he served on the boards of each of the mellons ' `` big four '' companies headquartered in downtown pittsburgh : mellon bank , gulf oil corp. , aluminum co. of america and koppers co . mr. momayez-zadeh , 31 , who was vice president of finance , also will serve as treasurer and continue as a director , equinox said. mr. sachs , who will serve as a consultant to the company , said he left voluntarily and will retire . a former vice chairman of e.f. hutton group inc. , mr. shad has been known as an ardent deregulator who helped to streamline sec operations. he served beyond the end of his five-year sec term last june in part to oversee the agency 's stepped-up efforts against insider trading . mr. abdnor , a 63-year-old republican , was defeated for reelection in november. he served one term in the senate , having defeated democratic sen. george mcgovern in 1980. previously , mr. abdnor served eight years in the house . in his church bulletin he expressed his belief that what the world needed was `` the triumphant spirit of human courage and sacrifice. `` when the war broke out , clark poling was determined at first to serve as an ordinary soldier . when green rushed up to see what had caused the hitch , he found himself confronted , at the very outset of his operation , by a staggering problem . having served some time at fort klamath , he was no stranger to these sudden , low-lying plateau fogs that might last an hour or all day . `` well , i 'll send you over to monticello with a note to general sheridan . seeing that he served at the point with `` old mud `` walker , i 'm certain he shall do all in his power to get you exchanged on my recommendation . mr. cahouet acquired a reputation as a trouble-shooter and turnaround executive during a two-year stint at crocker national corp. , where he helped restore profitability to the san francisco bank. he served as president and chief executive at crocker until it was acquired by wells fargo & co. in may 1986 . `` you 'd be more useful as an interpreter than as a soldier , `` an officer told him. `` i 'll serve wherever needed , `` rubinstein replied. within a short time he was requested to serve as translator for allied headquarters . morgan olmstead , a brokerage holding company , is based in los angeles. mr. schnabel is serving as the u.s. ambassador to finland . the practice , of course , has a venerable history. alexander haig rose from colonel to four-star general while serving as henry kissinger 's deputy. lt. gen. brent scowcroft also served as mr. kissinger 's deputy . the deputy chief resigned in a huff and his post was filled by stan patt , another rank-and-file fireman who was doddring 's junior by three days , before compulsory retirement . with 420 men in the department , serving an average term of thirty-five years from recruitment to retirement , the average tenure of the chief 's office became one month , with a similar rapid turnover in all ranks . three years after marco polo arrived home , the fierce trade rivalry between venice and genoa broke into open war . serving as a `` gentleman commander `` of a galley , marco and his ship were captured , and he was thrown into a genoese jail . i came home heartsick at what our party had done to itself. and when they asked me to serve as an elector i wanted no part of it . and even greatly increased influence in washington for the nation 's entrepreneurs still is n't likely to match that garnered by the chairman of a fortune 500 company when he walks into a congressman 's office , says eddie mahe , a republican political consultant. `` a more direct route would be to get one of their members to serve as finance chairman for every candidate running for congress . realizing that his scheme would soon be uncovered , arnold fled his west point home minutes before george washington was due for breakfast. after serving as a british officer for the duration of the revolution , arnold made his way to london . the following summer , at the age of eighty-seven , he resigned his post as chancellor , though he remained a member of the bundestag until his death four years later . adenauer was succeeded by ludwig erhard , also a christian democrat , who had served very efficiently as minister of economics and proved himself both able and popular in western europe . candidates would be selected for vice-president , treasurer and two directors. selected to serve on the nominating committee were : maxine schrader , chairman , tom scanlan , joyce hoffa , jim brennan , ingwald gunderson , mary olson , and joe virden . he said a five-member search committee for a new chairman and chief executive held its first meeting yesterday. mr. pearson is also currently serving as chief executive . president reagan named deputy national security adviser alton keel to become ambassador to the north atlantic treaty organization in brussels. mr. keel , who served briefly as interim national security adviser following vice adm. john poindexter 's resignation last month , would succeed ambassador david abshire. mr. keel became deputy to mr. poindexter last july , after serving as the executive director to the presidential commission on the challenger shuttle explosion . but they were only the opening move in what may be an awkward courtship ritual between the president and the chairman. steven roberts , who served as mr. volcker 's assistant until joining peat marwick main & co. as a partner this spring , said : `` my best guess is , he will stay if the president asks him . besides a possible sale , hbo said it will also consider spinning off one or more of its operating divisions or subsidiaries , selling certain assets , buying back stock and recapitalizing. donald l. lucas and john m. clark jr. , both of whom are outside directors , will serve on the special committee . paulssen himself , seibold continued proudly , was a veteran of the underseas force . he had served aboard a u-boat in 1937 in the international control organization during the spanish civil war , cruising the mediterranean and the bay of biscay . that would return mr. taft to a position of leadership from which he has slowly been pushed by the board. in july , the 46-year-old mr. taft was named vice chairman after serving as president and chief operating officer for more than 10 years . dr. c. a. christy has been named president of a wang subsidiary , phi computer services , inc. , software consultant and system marketer with a data center in arlington , mass. he was the designer of telebatch remote batch processing service ... . donald j. birmingham will be responsible for new hardware and software products as vp at data pathing , sunnyvale , calif. , manufacturer of source data collection systems for industry . he was in at the founding of dpi in 1965 , previously served with ge in phoenix . later today , a white friend from my college days telephoned from new jersey , mrs. meyers. would i serve as master of ceremonies at a parade in celebration of a worthy cause ? while republican national chairman during the watergate scandal , he remained a nixon apologist until a few days before the president 's resignation. and after criticizing supply-side economics in 1980 as `` voodoo economics , '' he swallowed his misgivings to serve as vice president in the reagan administration , and there is n't any record that he privately protested as the administration enacted its supply-side program . despite certain reservations , appellate judge winter said the settlement was reasonable because `` the weight of present scientific evidence does not establish that personnel in vietnam were injured by agent orange. '' significantly , the appeals court approved an unusual `` compensation-based '' distribution plan that allows veterans who served in areas in which agent orange was sprayed and who are disabled to collect benefits to a maximum $ 12,000 -- with smaller payments to survivors of such veterans . `` so successful is the school that hank is now planning a $ 2^3-million addition . he has served under six presidents as an adviser on the handicapped , and written seven books on various phases of his work . little mac did not live in the field with his men but at a palatial mansion he had rented in washington. he chose as staff officers aristocratic foreigners who had volunteered to serve in the union army among them prince salm-salm of saxony ; the comte de paris and two sons of the prince de joinville . some forty thousand men came as volunteers for the international brigade , though there were never more than eighteen thousand in spain at any one time. and many others came to serve as doctors , nurses , and technicians . i had a wife , eileen , and two children . my practice had suffered slightly as a result of world war ii , when i served as a dental officer in the south african medical corps , but it was improving and the future seemed assured . a tiff with washington , when nerves of both were frayed , was quickly followed by renewed understanding between them and entrusting of colonel hamilton with capture of the last british redoubt at yorktown . notable figures who served during the revolution in legislature , executive office , and diplomatic assignment complained that the society of the cincinnati set up a presumed preference of patriotism for those in the army . mr. proxmire would preside over confirmation hearings for mr. henkel if he is renominated to the bank board by president reagan. because he was appointed while the senate was n't in session , mr. henkel serves without confirmation . the maker of welded steel tubing and gray iron castings said the appointments follow the death , earlier this year , of vincent d. hofmann , who had been chairman. bernard hofmann , 52 years old , who succeeds his uncle as chairman , also formerly served as president . a bain spokesman declined to say whether sir jack had been told , saying it is a `` private matter. '' the bain spokesman said olivier roux , a bain consultant who served as a guinness director and its chief of financial strategy , remains on bain 's payroll . what is known is that 15 copies were published at his own expense and all vanished after he took office . pompidou 's expressed position is a predictable one : `` the president of a nation should not write a book while he is serving in office . `` mr. johnson 's rise has been remarkably fast. he served as a green beret and army ranger in southeast asia before receiving economics degrees from troy state university in alabama and florida state university . he is vice-president and general manager of the skelton oil company , a subsidiary of gulf oil corporation . he is a mechanical engineer from purdue and served in the navy in world war ii . among his many travels , he went to russia and met lenin and trotsky and addressed the third internationale . he served as an associate editor of the liberator and the masses . the court 's ruling reversed criminal contempt convictions of five persons accused of infringing the trademark of louis vuitton , a french leather goods manufacturer. while the supreme court said the courts may appoint lawyers to handle the contempt cases , the court ruled it was improper for the district court to appoint the lawyers for louis vuitton to serve as the prosecutors in the contempt case . custer was anxious to speak , but mcclellan commanded the scene . `` i am surprised and grieved to hear such sentiments from my own boys : from you who have served with the army of the potomac . mr. griscom , 37 , former press secretary to senate majority leader howard h. baker jr. , will become president and chief operating officer of the public affairs unit. mr. griscom most recently served as director of the republican senatorial campaign committee . mr. chiles is the sixth senator -- and third committee chairman -- to call it quits this year. senator dan evans decided to retire after serving only four years in the senate . he previously was executive vice president of lockheed-california. -- r. richard heppe , 64 , who also will serve as general manager of advanced tactical fighter programs . at a time when the country has moved into an era of greater and greater public spending , it is more important than ever to examine the process by which projects and priorities evolve and the big chunks of cash get committed . for the over-all design of the mall , governor rockefeller turned to wallace k. harrison , who was the co-architect for rockefeller center some forty years ago when nelson was serving an apprenticeship in the family business . hanfstaengl was never clear as to who was responsible and goering dismissed it as a `` joke. `` in a matter of days , he fled germany , and after short internments in england and canada arrived in the u.s. to serve as an intelligence analyst for an old harvard schoolmate franklin delano roosevelt . the work of the house of burgesses was done through committees ; citizens asked for what they wanted or complained about what they did not get . the committee on which washington served sifted all petitions , so he plunged at once into important government work . john r. mccormick , a 28-year-old west pointer from corpus christi , texas . after serving six months as an adviser to the south vietnamese army , during which time he saw considerable combat , mccormick asked to be transferred to the 4th cavalry , a part of the 25th division . they form relationships other than those based exclusively on sex . `` they do n't negate sexual attraction , `` says cathy bennigson , who conducted the stanford study while serving with her husband as the faculty resident couple in a freshman coed house . not according to persistent rumors from bolivia . and most of the invisible fingers point at general ovando , the president who was unseated in october and who now serves as ambassador to spain . mr. shapiro , 48 years old , has managed major transitions before. he taught and practiced law , and served in the transportation department before becoming general counsel of an electronics company . he joined transco in 1978 as vice president , finance , after 10 years as an executive at citibank in new york. he has served as a transco director since 1981 and as president and chief operating officer since 1984 . marines went along with the canadians in the raid on dieppe , even more disastrous than the one on zeebrugge. the force was formed as a group of soldiers who could serve aboard warships without getting seasick . `` it 's not only the positions he takes but the vehemence of them that surprises us , '' says a democratic lawmaker who regularly opposes mr. wallop. sen. simpson , who served with mr. wallop in the wyoming legislature , notes : `` he burns with a passion unalloyed . '' since joining the agency in april 1984 , mr. jarrell has influenced sec policy making in numerous areas , including corporate takeover regulation and oil and gas industry accounting. he has been schooled in the university of chicago free-market theory and has served as a senior economist at lexecon inc. , a chicago consulting firm . robert swinarton , who retired six years ago at 54 as vice chairman of dean witter reynolds , another major brokerage house , also planned to retire early. but serving as a director or trustee was n't part of his plan . will the promise of bargain equity cause reluctant outsiders to rush to the boardroom ? vernon jordan , a washington lawyer who serves on the boards of eight major corporations -- including the publisher of this newspaper , dow jones & co. , which does n't have such a plan , and corning glass works , which does -- thinks the answer is no . to his credit , mr. halloran does his best to close that breech with a series of chapters portraying the realities of military life today. he looks at the commanders in the field , the troops who serve under their commands , and the terrible responsibilities of standing watch in trouble spots around the world . despite a trip to the u.s. that prime minister yasuhiro nakasone himself characterized as disappointing , calls for the premier 's early resignation are diminishing. indeed , political analysts who only a month ago said he would be lucky to remain in office until the june summit meeting of industrial nations now say mr. nakasone most likely will serve out his term , which ends in october . in contrast , mr. geisel arrived at carnegie group in 1984 with an entrepreneurial and business background. with engineering degrees from arizona state university , his previous experience included starting an oregon company that devised information systems for banks and serving as director of management information systems at pullman inc . he stays active as a director of the professional golf association tour , a director of mellon bank -- where , he notes , he keeps his money -- and chairman of the university of pittsburgh 's board , among other things. still , he turns down invitations to serve on other boards , and his current obligations require only about 50 meetings a year -- far fewer than he had to squeeze into his hectic schedule before retiring . according to wtbs , the producers `` purposely did not recast the role of patriarch ward originated by ( the late ) hugh beaumont. '' june is now a widow , contentedly caring for her grandchildren and serving on the mayfield city council . though economic growth shows signs of slowing , the u.s. is in the 53rd month of an economic upturn that has absorbed vast world exports and created record numbers of american jobs. `` in terms of the fundamentals , the u.s. economy is very strong , '' says richard cooper , a harvard economics professor who served as president carter 's undersecretary of state for economic affairs . he previously was acting president of lockheed aircraft service , based in ontario. -- kenneth w. cannestra , 56 , who also will serve as general manager of the unit 's georgia division . they belong to her. i picked them up in 1937 while serving with the u.s. army . john daly , principal shareholder and chairman of hemdale , would become chief executive officer of the surviving company , to be called hemdale film corp. derek gibson , hemdale 's executive vice president , would become chief operating officer. irwin rubin , currently chairman and chief executive of computer memories , said he wo n't serve as a senior officer of the combined companies . braniff also may revamp its marketing under mr. foley , the source said. mr. foley will serve essentially as a `` caretaker '' for braniff until mr. pritzker decides what to do with the airline , the source said . mr. liedtke said he also does n't intend to delay another set of plans -- for his retirement -- through years of texaco reorganization proceedings , should they stretch that long. mr. liedtke recently announced that he would continue serving as chairman and chief executive past his 65th birthday to guide the company to conclusion of the litigation with texaco . a west german court convicted a former presidential secretary of treason after she admitted giving state secrets to a soviet kgb agent. prosecutors said the woman , who served as secretary to five west german presidents , was one of several `` lonely heart spies '' recruited by moscow . `` it is nothing , sir , `` lafayette answered in excellent english. `` i shall feel well repaid if i can serve under you . '' after a two-year stint in the merchant marine , fuqua proceeded naturally enough into commercial radio . he served for a while as the chief engineer of a radio station in charleston , south carolina , but he was bedeviled by the entrepreneurial itch . `` a tremendous number of people are called , wait for a long time and do n't get selected , '' he adds. on a typical day in new york 's borough of manhattan , about 2,000 people are serving state and local jury duty , but fewer than 10 % of them ever get on a jury , says norman goodman , the county commissioner of jurors . members of the coffee , sugar & cocoa exchange elected gerald p. clancy , cocoa purchasing director of m & m/mars , as chairman of the 105-year-old exchange. mr. clancy , whose two-year term starts immediately , succeeds howard c. katz , who was elected to serve on the exchange 's board for an additional two years . each year the institute produced a show. dick was recruited to write the songs , and occasionally even to serve as stage director . lyda hunt , one of h.l. hunt 's former wives , died in 1955. one of her sons , william herbert , served as executor of her will . `` i do n't think the voters are swayed too much '' by endorsements , says david moore , a university of new hampshire political scientist. for his part , gov. sununu , who will serve as mr. bush 's new hampshire chairman , said he decided to endorse the vice president because he was the only candidate who `` understands the subtleties '' of foreign affairs , an area the governor believes has heightened importance in the wake of the arms-sale scandal . they were used , according to the contemporary report soviet women in the war , `` least frequently of all in actual armed combat . `` mainly they served on the industrial-agricultural front . on the other hand , the law was a rather casual mistress in the eighties. while studying , he also had time to serve as a court reporter for the cincinnati commercial . john koehler , white house communications director , is expected to announce at a news conference today that he is leaving the post after serving just a week , a white house official said . now what ? '' helping mr. atwood answer that question will be eds 's mr. alberthal , who has served as president of the unit since may of this year . the commitment will continue under john h. filer , 47 , who took over last month as chairman and chief executive officer from retiring olcott d. smith , 65 . a graduate of depauw and yale law school , filer practiced law and then served as a republican state senator in connecticut before joining aetna in 1958 as an assistant counsel . in the previous year , coopervision earned $ 35.2 million , or $ 1.69 a share. mr. koffel , 47 , who most recently served as executive vice president , coopervision usa , will continue to be responsible for domestic operations . he added that mr. neely was n't asked to resign. mr. neely will still serve as a director and consultant . captain william washington was twenty-four years old at that time and had already made himself an unmatched reputation for courage and daring . william washington served under hugh mercer , whom he adored , and who regarded him much as an adopted son . these papers drew the interest of sir nevill mott , a pioneer in solid-state physics and director of britain 's famed cavendish laboratory , where other basic work on amorphous materials was going on. mott subsequently visited ovshinsky 's laboratory and agreed to serve as an unpaid consultant . `` it 's sort of the end of an era , '' said one company executive and associate of mr. taft. in july , mr. taft , 46 years old , was named vice chairman after serving as president and chief operating officer for more than 10 years . at the time of the announcement , mr. ruffi said he planned to stay with emhart. mr. ruffi served in nine different line and staff positions at emhart , ranging from treasurer to president of the united machinery group . in an earlier transaction , energy partners acquired the net assets of may energy partners ltd. , an oil and gas limited partnership managed by may. may petroleum is 44 % controlled by craig hall , the dallas real estate investor who serves as its chairman and chief executive officer . tesoro initially declined to finance the venture , but the relationship did n't end there. mr. morgan 's girlfriend had served in the bolivian government and had high-reaching connections there with the potential to help expand tesoro 's domain of foreign oil properties . romney brent , june cochrane , betty starbuck , lee strasberg , and libby holman assumed talking or singing parts. philip loeb was called on to be the producer ; herbert fields to direct the dances ; harold clurman to serve as stage manager . as we waited in tense expectation , the officers disclosed our new commands. some of us had been selected to serve on destroyers , others on minesweepers . 