keep this one in your drawer for the next time the boss give you a hard time . 
 she recommend continu educ cours , develop effect peopl skill and hard work . 
 phrase `` consent of the govern '' need a hard look . 
 he 's a good friend , and hope the hard work he has done on his swing is go to pay dividend for him . 
 `` what we do is realli show the slapstick side that still work with the interpret ( of the play ) , so kid see how much fun shakespear is -- becaus he 's ( often ) associ with hard academ disciplin , `` orlando said . 
 as an antidot to the depend of this ident he routin advoc the classic valu of hard work , individu initi and self-reli -- even as bigotri is continu resist . 
 ( box ) comment : `` ( the game-win singl ) is a compliment to all the hard work , `` moreau coach mike bungarz said . 
 it is therefor on real hard cash that he base his argument that if manchest is readi to pay the top price of , say , 25 s a seat , and fill the theatr , manchest can expect more of the world-fam one - alway provid that her claim do not unhappili conflict with those of la scala , new york 's metropolitan opera , vienna , venic , pari , san francisco , and the rest of the world 's lead opera hous . 
 but hard line are n't hook 's style . 
 it took hoffmann and anoth teacher a year to persuad him to take harder class . 
 i have taken a long , hard look . 
 a minor of dissent say that while wild habitat inde are disappear -- and speci with them -- becaus of human expans , the suppos magnitud and rate of the extinct are unsubstanti by hard evid and probabl have been exagger . 
 a lot of hard-earn money to lose '' , he say today . 
 like this english master , mason realiz his subject in larg , simplifi mass which , though they seem effortless , are in realiti the result of skill design born of hard work and a thorough distil of the natur form that inspir them . 
 that has left their face as hard as the live they come from and their passion as heat as the desert air . 
 we move toward the next centuri more confid than ever that we have the will at home and abroad to do what must be done -- the hard work of freedom . 
 there is no question he came up the hard way , but there has been some question about the accuraci of his version . 
 you have probabl notic that virtual all citi , includ some real armpit , like to boast that they have museum and symphoni , which are of cours the last thing that you realli want at the end of a hard day of travel . 
 no one could have been more courag , more hard-work , more fair-mind , more amiabl . 
 a clearer , harder , tougher nation self-assess . 
 davi said author here had long suspect sjonborg in wild 's slay but lack hard evid until his estrang wife came forward sept. 6 and recant an earlier alibi she had given sjonborg for the day of wild 's death . 
 your self-disciplin , dilig and hard work are exemplari . 
 they look old and dumpi , with stolid , hard face . 
 i do n't know if you would call it luck , or just plain hard work -- it was probabl a combin of both -- but your mother and i put in a lot of hour and end up with a veri success busi . 
 it was hard work , recal john a. breed , a year younger than lester and now a resid of live oak . 
 the hear forc tim stead , 37 , a supervisor at a san jose manufactur plant , to take a hard look at his past treatment of women . 
 she said mr. dali was `` a hard news man '' who had becom dismay by recent trend in journal . 
 if other in silicon valley are encourag and rich reward for hard work and persever , whi should teacher be singl out and condemn ? 
 even with it joyous moment , song such as `` someth to talk about , `` `` good man , good woman '' and the sultri `` slow ride , `` `` luck of the draw '' ask tough question and take a hard look at the never-end balanc between ideal and realiti . 
 but the administr want hard evid the soviet are move to a free market economi , befor more massiv aid is consid . 
 propos the toast of the guest , mr thoma lonsdal , said the cater industri today requir brain , but point out that the capac to absorb technic knowledg differ from the hard realism of routin cater , which demand not onli brain and skill , but common sens and understand of human natur as well as the highest possibl degre of courtesi . 
 to the mix of hard fact , horoscop and advic offer at the end of 900 line , a group of mainlin christian is ad anoth choic : comfort and inspir . 
 wilson need to take a hard look at just how the state is spend it resourc when it come to the poor , elder and disabl . 
 our grandmoth might have describ her as a hard woman , but today she was tri desper to recaptur yesterday 's ingenu . 
 cloud part and hard gash of sunlight swoop down to stain the earth with streak of white and gold light so that the shadow of the run hors flow like dark stream over the dazzl snow . 
 her friend commiser : `` no way to avoid hard work. '' 
 fellow council member prais roger for hard work and dedic . 
 professor in hard-scienc disciplin , such as engin , were found to be more satisfi with their job than their colleagu . 
 of the lime that is alway on hand in the capitol basement for plaster repair was slake sever month for us ; but to make it stiffer , of a realli putty-lik consist to avoid crack , we ad a littl hydrat lime- hard on the hand , but we could see no other disadvantag . 
 i invit anyon with hard inform from kuwait that contradict our preliminari find to get it to us as quick as possibl . 
 evid , when you came up with the solut of own your own home , you forgot to add patienc to hard work . 
 and so you did of me , jane thought , with a sudden , uncharacterist hard percept . 
 the chevi engin stall , mear said , becaus it fail to pick up fuel after mear took it down the hill and made the hard left turn toward the checker flag . 
 `` it 's a forc that 's design to take a hard look at the capabl of potenti oppon around the world. '' 
 `` all that hard work i did in spring train paid off . . . '' 
 he said tuesday there are no hard feel . 
 while not deni his obvious sex appeal , bolton has clear earn his posit of promin , artist and commerci , in the music industri through his tremend talent as a singer and songwrit and mani year of hard work and dedic . 
 yet , with hard work and the abil to live within their mean , they have produc what is seen now . 
 but when she finish his eye were hard . 
 corpor inform system manag need to take a good , hard look at what peopl need and then develop simpl , use applic that deliv up-to-d inform into knowledg worker ' hand . 
 howev , a hard look at the current career path system show that it doe not work . 
 `` so , for the time be , adio , no hard feelings. '' 
 all californian need to take a long , hard look into themselv and stop hide behind fuzzi , `` liber '' notion of freedom . 
 home : a `` rustic '' older home on four acr in woodsid that get a lot of `` hard '' use , he say . 
 these peopl and their backer play no part in the hard work of collect 19 , 000 signatur for recal . 
 brother and sister seem to be a sort of mutual-aid societi , a littl fortress of kind for each other in a hard world . 
 disagr over other matter has kept hard feel from die , she said . 
 in it cover piec , the current peopl magazin take a hard look at the pair , who do n't see each other veri often anymor -- at one point royal watcher figur they had n't been togeth for 39 day . 
 `` pro athlet never know how good they have it until they have to face some kind of hard realiti . 
 yuh 25 , unaccustom to the hard edg of new york humor , found breslin 's remark sexist . 
 school disciplin , hard work and right-from-wrong were of the highest prioriti . 
 iron , she say , just when her consult busi is firm establish and could be run from ani locat , the coupl are take a long , hard look at each one 's career potenti . 
 `` i 'm here to do my job , and that 's it , `` said dickerson , who admit he still has hard feel toward the colt ' manag . 
 but on sunday , after two week of hard think , blondi bumstead enter the workforc as . . . a cater . 
 but industri analyst in japan say ibm face a hard fight in the japanes market , where price competit for notebook comput is fierc and loyalti to japanes brand run deep . 
 even the most radic professor requir hard work and self-reli from their student . 
 further , ani institut that 's got real estat and oil and gas and take a hard look at it this year and doe n't write it down has a veri peculiar portfolio , `` meyer said . 
 best antidot for the bitter and disappoint that poison him was hard work . 
 correct counselor ric hyland , who did hard time for arm robberi 25 year ago , stood shoulder to shoulder with the 31-year-old groom , whose crimin record includ 42 misdemeanor and four feloni convict for drug and alcohol- relat crime and three term in san quentin . 
 demur one moment , hard and decis the next , she caught the dual side of a complex charact . 
 but hard work , he conclud , is n't suffici to recov or creat a win formula . 
 parent perhap fall into three section ; those who were glad to finish formal educ at 14 or earlier , those who obtain a profession qualif `` the hard way '' under the tradit english system , and those who rememb their own univers - and for most this would be oxford , cambridg or a london medic school . 
 attorney for william luca barker were unsuccess in their bid to have their client 's charg dismiss on the ground that there is no hard scientif proof that he has aid . 
 recent at a workshop of tri-valley citizen against a radioact environ , i heard a physicist from the lab comment that the project may well be mothbal after complet becaus the soviet alreadi have much excess capac to produc enrich uranium use other technolog and , given their desper need for hard currenc , they would be will to undersel anyon on the planet . 
 the task forc will take a hard look at the fund , program and academ support sjs must have to enhanc a divis i program . 
 thank to the hard work of dilig research , the classic two-reel comedi of the legendari chick morton and eddi hay , long believ lost , have been discov in a forgotten film vault and tonight they ll begin an unpreced reviv on cbs . 
 we are american : we have a uniqu respons to do the hard work of freedom . 
 his voic grew hard . 
 and offici there have no incent to look hard at effect ; drug program are simpli pay the air forc and navi for the fli and steam they would be do anyway out of their own budget . 
 we learn the hard way , by trial and error , but we learn . 
 so i clung to this shadowi mardonius , simultan a hard , nobl greek soldier and a soft , curling-lip persian tyrant ; beard and clean-shaven ; on both side at onc , a faint ghost-mardonius in the sky ; a potenti , onli half-real . 
 they play all the song from their success album , `` schubert dip , `` with a harder edg than on record . 
 `` more import , it will creat an effort- and performance-bas system which will send a messag to all student that hard work pay dividend , that learn is import , and that tough cours are the path to success , `` cooperman said . 
 the truth is that ani arab who tri to make a stand which is somewhat more moder than the hard line will be kill . 
 no hard feel develop and within month rosenberg follow cooley to seafirst , washington state 's largest bank . 
 the last word ; water smart ; with sever water ration hang over our head , take time for a hard look at your garden to weed out the wimp . 
 now two research psychologist at the univers of california , santa cruz , who just happen to be marri to each other , want to take a hard , scientif look at one of the more interest aspect of amor . 
 over the year , charli 's seen just about everi way a human life can end -- heart attack , stroke , car accid , hang , suffoc , crib death , drown , even a few murder -- and just about everi way the survivor deal with that hard realiti . 
 both pretel and his bride are cover with tattoo , prison imprimatur of hard time serv . 
 amid hard feel over the fail merger , legal squabbl began over disney 's use of henson charact at disney theme park . 
 as lawyer for both side churn out brief , the lot sit dusti and vacant , home to one lanki eucalyptus and a lot of hard feel . 
 a hard eye , she inform moll : `` do n't sure nuff me , offic . 
 it 's veri hard work . 
 almost everyth was render in a hard , fast , ham-fist manner that was about as subtl as a kick in the gut . 
 a hard look at the status of women in the workplac show : ; ( check ) record number of women are enter tradit male profess , such as law , busi and medicin . 
 tom fast , of scott valley , step out of the crowd into a hard embrac . 
 after the first blush of alli uniti , look for a diverg of view between washington and berlin on how to deal with the hard new men in the kremlin . 
 while taylor had remain the lead candid to succeed seidman , bush told report last week after seidman 's resign that he had decid to `` start over and take a hard look. '' 
 `` we were look at a show that was make a real hard turn for the worst , `` said busfield . 
 the mean to creat communiti , from mutual accept to creat an open and respons polit process , a sound educ system , and forum in which communiti member can work through key issu , are all achiev at least to some degre through persist and hard work . 
 `` we are take a hard look in other way we can generat addit revenu , `` she said . 
 my pre-monke sing had a littl harder edg . 
 hunt everywher for way to save money on employe health insur -- are take a hard look at two-incom coupl . 
 `` he said that he thought this was an indic that there was still hard feel toward some segment of the communiti , `` he said . 
 the new honey-hair somer is just as sexi , but she 's now thought , articul and self-assur without the hard edg of the past . 
 besid , they say , the way to win in palo alto is with credibl and hard work , not fanci mailer . 
 as with mani such breakthrough , the research would prefer to talk about the hard scienc and leav the extravag market claim to other . 
 at least ophelia gave her a chanc to go mad , which she say is hard work . 
 the map at right , approv by a major of the committe , was the product of hard work conduct in public by peopl tri to do the right thing . 
 he also prais the effort of his grandfath ( his sister live with other relat after his father walk out on the famili when thoma was 7 ) , who believ that hard work , faith in god and moral valu could overcom ani advers . 
 it 's make you hard , joyc . 
 laugh was hard . 
 equat for success ; his equat is simpl : determin + disciplin + hard work & equal ; success . 
 the mayor chalk up the mcclain controversi to `` misunderstand and hard feelings. '' 
 the book 's goal , he write , is to suggest that `` with studi and hard work , first-tim buyer can often reduc the need for capit , substitut guarante for cash and borrow money even with limit incomes. '' 
 `` just assum there 's go to be hard feelings. '' 
 through hard work and luck , we have been abl to accumul a consider net worth . 
 the turtl also learn a lot about the benefit of dilig and hard work on their way to rock stardom , raphael say . 
 he found himself more and more surpris that ani person could bear to be hard to anoth . 
 `` i believ in logic , reason , hard work , `` he say just befor proctor sink up to his eyelash in quicksand . 
 no offens to okun , who probabl is a good guy and as charm as grover say , but he is a publicist , and this is suppos to be a hard look at the compani he work for . 
 lack hard data , social scientist and poll taker offer an array of educ , often contradictori , guess to explain the widespread support for thoma among women . 
 i 'm sure this provid hour of enjoy for urban profession , who , after a hard day of wrangl sale report , can mosey back to their condominium , rustl up a mess o ' sushi , and spend an old-fashion western-styl even analyz their jean damag . 
 it was onli when addit hard intellig data appear two year later that the pentagon and much of the rest of the state depart were inform of the suspici algerian reactor . 
 some peopl must get their lump the hard way and appar your daughter is one of them . 
 they re convinc the onli reason citi and counti ca n't find enough qualifi asian to hire is that they re not look hard enough . 
 but the state of california want to take a long , hard look at trip-rel health and accid insur to determin if it sale to peopl 65 and older should be subject to greater regul . 
 yet the studi suggest that the lawsuit , legisl , hard work and money spent in the 1970s began to show result in the marin environ dure the 1980s . 
 and there 's no hard evid to suggest how feather were develop . 
 sear announc the action as it board began a two-day meet that was expect to take a hard look at the flag retail busi and search for a way to regain lost custom and profit . 
 but hard econom fact will . 
 he has extol the valu taught him as a youth -- a good educ , hard work and disciplin -- and warn young black never to forget `` the blood of the ( civil right ) marcher , the prayer and hope of our people. '' 
 `` so i sure do n't have ani hard feelings. '' 
 it is critic then , to open a wide debat on the futur of american foreign polici , and that demand a hard look at the bush doctrin as outlin by the presid , secretari of state jame baker and nation secur advis brent scowcroft . 
 sen. christoph dodd , d-conn. , told a senat bank subcommitte that the salomon scandal `` has forc all of us -- regul and the congress -- to take a long , hard look '' at the auction process . 
 i rememb the hard work i had put in , the great hope i held , and the disappoint when i made a mistak . 
 it 's the smaller compani that are take a hard look at the overal secur oper , `` said mark giudici , senior industri analyst for dataquest inc. in san jose . 
 when he die in a plane crash in 1982 , the kid took over the compani and have dedic their hard work to his memori . 
 these chang vari from head to head , so that no hard and fast rule can be made when appli colour , and the result will vari consider , accord to the condit of the hair . 
 `` there 's no hard feel , no bitter , `` he said . 
 even as there are no breakdown , bankruptci , suicid ; in alumni magazin ; so in the page of the old there are no hard complaint , ; noth to share but reminisc ; of everyth not there , or true , ani more . 
 the court found littl hard evid to support a distinct between powder cocain and crack -- hard piec of high purifi cocain that have been prepar for smoke . 
 now -- and onli now -- is it time to take a hard look at the warrior and their coach and general manag , don nelson . 
 he advis them to take a hard look at communiti organ to propos the elimin of those that duplic servic . 
 in the long run , no one doubt that those who have invest four year of hard studi and up to $ 100 , 000 for a colleg degre will get good job eventu -- perhap later this year if the recess eas -- and that they will be spare the grind unemploy and poverti that often face those with limit or no higher educ . 
 for the teen-ag , the project has been more than just hard work . 
 while the strongest intern respons to date has been econom sanction on yugoslavia by the european communiti , earlier this month presid bush said the unit state was `` take a hard look '' at it option to follow suit . 
 `` harder work is need ; but abov all we need more drive and better direct , more effici and economi in our effort . '' 
 his father , who was hard at work at his desk , did n't notic the time pass and it was well past six when he look at the clock . 
 the sky is a hard enamel blue despit the autumn odd , and robin william engag in some dri humor . 
 `` he was abl to handl situat and peopl without caus hard feel or escal the situation. '' 
 he depict the war as part of the `` hard work of freedom '' familiar to american . 
 tammi harmon still rememb her mother hover around her , year ago , when she came home from a hard day 's work and prop her feet up on the couch . 
 i told him , just play like you did in double-a. ' `` ; general manger al rosen said clayton will get `` a hard look '' next spring . 
 if the offic milieu is timeless , whi should n't there be a typewrit ? -- except that scriven is so much a pre-autom profess , hard on the eye , labor-intens and dull beyond compar . 
 craig also is will to take a hard look next spring at rooki pitcher paul mcclellan , who allow the cub just four hit over seven inning saturday , and bryan hickerson , who gave up two run over five inning friday . 
 `` it caus a veri , veri hard look to be taken at our counti 's child welfar system , `` keeley said . 
 she said the `` hard number '' is 11 , 607 . 
 `` start last year and everi year from now on , we ll be look hard at young quarterback , `` offens coordin mike holmgren said . 
 wherea everyth in boccaccio is hard , eleg and general , in chaucer it is mute , peculiar , full of object that are unexpect and yet odd characterist . '' 
 british prime minist john major said the move meant the ec was `` dismantl it tie with yugoslavia , `` and presid bush said the unit state was `` take a hard look '' at it option to follow suit . 
 had bought a littl piec of properti down along the coast of the hard countri of calabria that he knew so well . 
 `` now come the hard work , `` said santa clara counti supervisor rod diridon , who help form the bay vision 2020 commiss 18 month ago . 
 concern about california 's hard recess `` is someth peopl have n't been talk about but probabl should , `` said jame murren , casino stock analyst at c.j. lawrenc inc. in new york . 
 the plotter of the coup were men of the hard right , who want to prevent chang . 
 `` we ought to take a good , hard look at the increas we ve given to teacher . 
 nadin prais dorosin for her hard work , and the strong tie she forg between busi and the chamber . 
 here , we are build a viabl , success immigr communiti through hard work , i hope , without forfeit our identity. '' 
 her mother said in scandal tone that money was n't everyth and thought how hard her daughter had becom . 
 such hard and fast divis of human were to come later . 
 `` what , you got ta becom a hard guy when you come to jail ? `` the offic retort . 
 in the interview , donaldson call on the feder govern to take `` a good hard look '' at whether it encourag of competit among differ secur market had place the industri on `` a veri slipperi slope '' toward a fragment market that would be difficult to monitor and control . 
 through quiet determin and hard work , she rose through the rank of fidel invest , the giant mutual fund compani , becom a respect portfolio manag of `` junk '' bond . 
 `` he has been liken to ronald reagan , a populist with no real interest in the detail of govern and hard intellectu work , `` sonnenfeldt said . 
 `` sometim you have a hard head and you play anyway , you break the glass , then you have to suffer the consequ . 
 there could be some hard feel in this one -- it 's the first time the two team have met sinc calgari defenseman jami macoun broke buffalo star pat lafontain 's jaw with a high stick nov. 16 . 
 `` it 's a hard , rough ride but it 's got a lot of power and it 's amaz how much the aircraft can take . 
 for year , ad maker need a bright idea , hard work and a littl luck to walk away from the clio award show with a golden statuett . 
 jone also say that keep actor in the fold often lead to hard feel among the competitor , which is whi erlendson is care to hush up when the competit is mention . 
 they ve got to take a long , hard look at us now. '' 
 both the hous and senat had vote separ to lift the counsel ban , put them on a collis cours with bush , who throughout his presid has taken a hard line on abort . 
 `` we re go to take a hard look at our oper , look at way to improv our cash flow , way to lower expens at level across the board and continu to make signific reduct in the work forc , `` harrison said . 
 the one leadership qualiti palumbi lack , he acquir through a hard lesson dure his first three year at stanford . 
 i humbl suggest , madam mayor , that you take a hard look at your prioriti . 
 i 'm almost alway amaz at the amount of hard work , time , energi and money that peopl will invest in their restaur when success has veri littl to do with such mundan thing as qualiti of food . 
 music chair -- lawrenc bryan is take leav as artist director of the san jose chamber music societi next year , but there are no hard feel involv . 
 they re use to disciplin , hard work and surmount crummi odd . 
 if i get a littl hard on myself becaus i 'm not do someth right , i remind myself that i 'm there to have fun. '' 
 when `` his '' war did not bring victori and booti , a new group of lord might oust the unsuccess leader , and the common , who usual suppli the hard cash , might be bold enough to demand the product of account , and even at time the impeach of the unsuccess . 
 estonian see no hope but foreign pressur for chang gorbachev 's hard line against baltic independ . 
 `` this is a testimoni to their cooper , hard work and desir to demonstr their concern for our environ and the health and safeti of our community. '' 
 the most interest section of `` the next centuri '' has to do with the career of kazuko inamori , who through hard work and attent to detail built the spectacular success japanes compani call kyocera ( kyoto ceram ) . 
 ford motor co. took a long , hard look at acquir chrysler corp. last winter after ford 's former chairman , donald petersen , carri word that chrysler would welcom such a move . 
 the other compani `` expect altus to do the hard work , `` garamendi said . 
 `` it 's been especi hard on jewish children . 
 i 'm so hard on myself that even though i 'd get good respons , though i ve been veri lucki , i ve alway wonder . 
 ( check ) employ histori are also get a harder look . 
 the bbc-made seri take a hard and most uncensor look at the busi of movie-mak . 
 but the hard truth is that no one realli know how to increas household save , and ira do n't seem well-equip for the job . 
 said martin s. askana , co-own of unit flower and a vendor sinc 1986 : `` we ve invest in these site for a long time and now someon els will come and capit on our hard work. '' 
 but egypt , the onli arab countri to have made peac with israel , took a hard line . 
 call for more resourc to help children and urg a long , hard look at how children 's welfar servic are provid so the system can be overhaul , if necessari , patton said : ; `` this should n't happen in our societi , and it wo n't happen if we do it right. '' 
 fruiti red take well to chill ( if they are n't tannic , in which case chill can make them hard or bitter ) . 
 both stress hard work . 
 for one thing , radiat hose are veri hard on your teeth . 
 they were better live than on record , becaus guitarist mick jone gave the song a harder edg . 
 in a decemb 1984 `` straight talk '' memo that made him a soulmat of former assist secretari of state elliott abram , both as to truth and their approach to the third world , gate advoc `` hard measur '' ( air strike ) vs. `` half measur '' ( the contra ) to destroy the nicaraguan militari , which they view as a threat to american influenc in the western hemispher . 
 they do n't realiz the hard work that is done for their benefit . 
 hop kiln napa gamay had a charact similar to the swan and duxoup wine , but was richer and harder and need lot of time to develop finess . 
 her own talent , hard work and sens of vocat spur her , but two remark poetri workshop , one with john holm , the other with robert lowel , provid the atmospher she need as an apprentic to learn and flourish . 
 about $ 1 billion of the valu came from `` hard '' asset ( factori , offic , paper clip , person comput , chees ) . 
 the group had accus him of `` dog them , `` exchang hard look with other member . 
 miracul progress in materi achiev flow from other qualiti far more worthi and substanti : adher to principl and method conson with our religi philosophi ; a satisfact in hard work ; the readi to sacrific for worthwhil caus ; the courag to meet everi challeng ; the intellectu honesti and capac to recogn the true path of her own best interest . 
 about a dozen low-incom famili chosen by the luck of the draw saturday will get a chanc to substitut a year of hard work for a down payment on hous to be built in morgan hill by the hous author of santa clara counti . 
 ann scitovski , chief of the health econom divis at the research institut of the palo alto medic foundat , said helling 's estim on the cost of treat hiv `` make sens to me , but it 's not base on as hard data as the aid estimate. '' 
 but becaus i thought of her as hard and egotist , i could not believ that she stay with him simpli from affect . 
 is a good man , hard work . 
 would sometim even get a littl hard on you , she took you so serious . 
 i ask becaus i know this will happen in the famili again , and although it may be hard to believ , there were some hard feel about the `` disposition. '' 
 fix them is hard work , but is a possibl project for the ambiti remodel . 
 no hard feel ; jame `` buddi '' ryan sr. is gone from the philadelphia eagl scene , but junior 's still around . 
 `` i 'm glad that my hard work can pay off for other peopl , and i have fun too , `` she said . 
 `` you see a more temper , citizen-ori approach by candid , wherea 10 year ago you may have seen a harder line . 
 analyst believ some american comput compani will take a long , hard look at get into the display manufactur busi . 
 counsel now show me that i am a co-depend , but that with hard work i can pick myself up and becom healthi again . 
 but it is worth the hard work of make these decis in order to allow student who find differ tradit a meaning way to show pride in their heritag as well as in their status as member of the class . 
 actual , that 's when the hard work begin . 
 but last week , that litani of hard feel flow not from arab ' lip , but from isra ' . 
 as salvag oper are often attend by consider hard work and great risk , the oblig to pay compens is so obvious base on the principl of justic that payment has been allow at all time by everi civil countri . 
 ( when the whore are haul off to prison , strip of wig and makeup in the hard light of day , they look like that ragtag group of washington hooker march across a potomac river bridg by the d.c. polic a coupl of year ago. ) 
 just a matter of eas up after 20 year of hard work . 
 yet with rare except ( philip morri is one , incident ) , manag still spend most of their time manag what they can touch -- the rough 10 percent of asset that are `` hard. '' 
 i think we should respect the hard work the committe has done . 
 commit and hard work are the cornerston of children 's theater , not just for fread , but for the children as well . 
 i would go into the read room , where solid silenc was pack hard and green up as far as the bowl of the dome , and walk over , alway , to desk d-4 . 
 `` i had the veri hard impress ( the present ) was slant , `` said ted terraza , who attend a present at meyer school . 
 ( box ) there are no hard rule when it come to the marriag of electr and horticultur . 
 a call for reform ; but hard work doe n't alway mean pay , say activist . 
 `` kid are not read enough ; they re not take hard enough cours . 
 sen. ernest f. holl , d-s.c. , chairman of the senat commerc committe , has put the feder communic commiss on notic that he expect the fcc to take a hard look at ani request for a waiver to the govern 's `` cross-ownership '' rule . 
 the boy tri to make the age-chang voic sound hard , and it might have sound ludicr had it not been for the reckless chill shimmer in cat-yellow eye . 
 the lesson of that book -- that hard work and loyalti and love will endur in tri circumst -- are relat new concept to children just begin to read . 
 but tyrrel acknowledg , `` the troubl with do all this hard research is you kind of get back to what granni use to say. '' 
 ( check ) congress should halt new grant to the intern monetari fund and world bank , and demand a hard balanc sheet from each , with loan written to market valu . 
 i think it is a commit to hard work , an avers to shortcut , a skeptic about utopia , an open mind , a profound human . 
 presid bush , respond to initi report of shamir 's accept , said befor leav kiev that `` this is bound to be good news for peac in the middl east , and i 'm veri veri pleas that the hard work of mani parti , especi our secretari of state , look like it may be come to fruition. '' 
 the name are list on invit and distribut by baymec -- hard proof of polit support that not long ago was ephemer , whisper or given with wink and nod . 
 for play the lead part of two c.o. 's of a highland regiment are alec guin and john mill , the one have won the affect of his men by lead them through the war , and the other a hard , effici newcom who is heartili dislik by the major of the soldier . 
 perhap i should n't be too hard on myself . 
 `` in our view , there need to be a hard look at how we fund higher educ in california , `` hamlett said . 
 i am repel by the lack of hard answer to these question . 
 to my knowledg , there 's no hard and fast rule about how mani mint you should take upon leav a restaur . 
 lender are take a harder look at borrow befor approv home-equ loan or credit line . 
 `` those hard , activ word are seldom associ with females. '' 
 the naacp has alway encourag hard work . 
 even the short-cruis ship are take a hard look at their itineraries. ncl , for exampl , has just chang the rout of it sunward ii , make key west a port of call on it three-day trip , instead of nassau . 
 mauriello was then direct by supervisor to take a long , hard look at the servic and suppli estim her staff made for each counti depart . 
 not like previous fraud ; in fact , even govern critic like polit pollster miguel basanez say they do n't expect the pri to wage the `` hard fraud '' of elect past . 
 `` patienc and a lot of hard work , '' she said last night . 
 the volcan dust that 's been deposit around is veri hard on jet engines. '' 
 he believ in hard work but got his first newspap simpli by ask his father for it . 
 aborigin is not deceiv ; he know that the land is hard and pitiless . 
 with hard work , it succeed , and henri ribb soon becam a promin east side citizen . 
 the oak grove school district learn the hard way that you ca n't count on san jose for good citi plan when power develop take their case to the citi council . 
 thompson bent a hard look at the lawyer . 
 he did n't want player to say thing like that , becaus the team can start to draw rank . . . and it get the media dredg up hard feel that have noth to do with win or losing. '' 
 this countri need to take a hard look at how it doe busi and who should be allow to succeed in the marketplac , not what the feder govern can do to cover up the failur of a few compani . 
 it gave me pleasur to say hard thing '' , he wrote , `` i would shut up forev '' . 
 while roddick 's hard edg can be off-put , her principl are endear . 
 he spoke aloud of his opinion of nbc news as `` a dinosaur , `` an organ whose member seem to believ themselv part of some priesthood immun to the hard imper of profit and loss . 
 keith hearn of the california associ of psychiatr technician commend davi for `` take a hard line against unilater cut . 
 it was easi to take it as a period piec , and appar there were no hard feel all around . 
 sure , that can lead to a few argument and hard feel . 
 the evid support the major conclus of `` eat smart '' is hard and plenti , the guidanc it offer import and valuable. ( box ) 
 never again ; speak of feud or tempera clash , how about the recent hard feel express by art garfunkel about not be invit to perform at simon 's central park concert ? 
 joan beck is right on target when she say that hard work and fact are need to shatter the glass ceil women experi in corpor ( commentari , aug. 14 ) . 
 freelen would n't reveal the list of candid but said , `` we ve taken a hard look at 12 to 14 people. '' 
 take a hard look at your own arm or home-equ line of credit . 
 she say hammer should n't have been surpris that the counti took a hard line on the bond . 
 gave a short hard laugh and look at her know . 
 in term of hard cash , this is calcul to bring in *+20 to *+25 more profit from everi hundr bacon sold , without take into consider the streamlin of labour and the simplif of mix and storag . 
 the cut in the short-term prime business-loan rate by major bank put new light on a key develop under way in the nation mortgag market : the price spread between long-term fix and short-term adjustable-r mortgag has widen to the point where smart money-shopp should take a hard look at adjust . 
 `` but tri to put it into hard point , and number of victori , that 's realli tough . # # # 
 `` the next day , i walk in and talk to coach seifert , and there were no hard feelings. '' 
 `` all the window that i broke as a kid , all the thing that i broke and she had to pay for , she was never a hard mom . 
 `` this is one of those instanc where merit and hard work have paid off , `` said judg gordon baranco , one of armstrong 's colleagu on the alameda counti superior court . 
 we becom firm enough to stand for those ideal which we know to be right , when we becom hard enough to refus to aid nation which do not permit self-determin , when we becom strong enough to resist ani more drift toward social in our own nation , when we recogn that our enemi is communism not war , and when we realiz that concess to communist do not insur peac or freedom , then , and onli then will we no longer be `` soft '' . 
 `` the citi allow offic to be overwork so much they becam hard and cold , `` pugh said in an interview last week . 
 but what doe he get for his hard work ? 
 for mani turnpik , has come hard . 
 yesterday they were back their fanci with hard cash , and share enjoy their best day for a long time . 
 nankin said the board has been take a hard look at the symphoni 's budget , but has made no decis on what to do if the deficit remain larg . 
 after two year of hard work , denic decid to call it quit . 
 the public appear readi to believ that mani institut achiev their athlet goal not through honest effort , but through equivoc , not by hard work and sacrific , but by hook and crook. '' 
 the first women sleuth were so hard that v.i . 
 among defens back , todd bowl , david whitmor , greg cox and kevin lewi will get hard look . 
 that miracl happen to him at maryland state prison , where he was serv hard time for assault a guard , which follow his convict on weapons-possess charg , which follow his earlier manslaught convict for kill a man in a knife fight . 
 neither industri nor the highway administr has hard figur to indic those commut are grow in length . 
 that was 12 year , a lot of hard work and $ 350 , 000 ago . 
 there are no hard feel , `` malon ad . 
 the 32-year-old profession dog handler know that the secret to produc champion is just plain , doggon hard work . 
 it 's a day well spent becaus insur compani like to have the cold , hard fact when you re face with a loss . 
 `` i ca n't give you hard data , `` say loden , `` but if you look at who 's move ahead insid the fortun 500 compani , it 's clear that women are do better than minor , and that white women are do better overal than women of color. '' 
 the video is basic for those of us who find other exercis tape a bit too demand , owe to a general lazi , weak of charact and fear of hard work on our part . 
 and you thought the hard work was behind you . 
 resid there can look forward to some hard work with good social dividend . 
 the hard work pay off though , eylar said . 
 and for anybodi who doe n't mind a littl hard work . 
 sammi hope all the adult learner stick with the program despit the hard work . 
 then again , mayb i have to take a long , hard look at some of the other fragranc on the market . 
 weekend fight between rebel and govern forc in colombia kill 31 peopl , and a newspap report sunday that colombia 's leftist insurg had adopt a new hard line . 
 it doe n't take talent or brain or hard work . 
 i hope that somebodi has taken a long , hard look at what it could cost in properti damag , injuri and possibl death when kid receiv less train than they do today . 
 but this astonish of mine was much increas , when some day after , a storm came upon us , and the captain rush out of the cabin in his nightcap , and noth els but his shirt on ; and leap up on the poop , began to jump up and down , and curs and swear , and call the men aloft all manner of hard name , just like a common loafer in the street . 
 `` all our hard work -- gone ! `` we cri , beat our breast and knuckl our forehead . 
 the young man was a teammat tri to give her a hard time , and the team manag was n't do much to stop it . 
 for two centuri , we ve done the hard work of freedom . 
 but if your broker is regular chang venu , you ought to take a hard look at whether the fast money mean everyth to that person -- and whether he or she is get ahead by generat lot of commiss to earn the titl of `` big produc , `` at your expens . 
 the countri will onli get it money 's worth when it goe through the hard work of set prioriti . 
 bill mccann , general manag of the water district , said , `` if the council were to decid to ask our board to do it ( elimin restrict ) , i 'm sure the board would take a hard look at it. '' 
 hard core of the pro-communist rebel forc number onli some 2,000 tough viet minh guerrilla fighter . 
 but the lender ( who foreclos ) has the respons of sell properti and get the money in a hard market , `` swinson said . 
 `` she was a veri hard , tough woman . 
 but he refus to predict whether he would be abl to cobbl togeth a govern coalit and said he expect three week of hard bargain with all the non-socialist parti . 
 `` it 's hard on you physic . 
 the fourth- , fifth- and sixth-grad at sakamoto elementari school in the oak grove school district in south san jose want hard answer to some tough question from hammer dure her quick stop there as part of a whirlwind tour of district 10 . 
 itali 's decis to adopt a hard line with it third wave of albanian boat peopl appear to be work . 
 golden is look for peopl will to do hard work , and we re have him send you an applic . 
 talk to report in kennebunkport , main , where presid bush is vacat , white hous spokesman marlin fitzwat said : `` the fact is , we do n't have hard inform . 
 unless some hard evid has turn up that free trade in 1992 would have devast effect , we think the delay is unwarr . 
 the author , a former industri film maker , has the knack of weav in hard inform about video product without make you feel corner by a self-absorb film major . 
 syria , israel 's most implac foe , hew to it tradit hard line . 
 the standard , of cours , is veri differ from the hard , expens glitter of west germani . 
 `` i guess we ll find out the hard way ( if circul doe not increas ) . '' 
 it 's a wonder mysteri , which has produc mani theori , but no hard answer . 
 of us would be will to admit that forgiv come hard . 
 english professor herbert lindenberg fear that human depart would suffer the brunt of the budget cut becaus , unlik the hard scienc , they bring in few overhead dollar . 
 one of the chief complaint was that the floodlight from the ceil was too bright , it glare hard on the eye of council member . 
 foreign airlin also are begin to take a hard look at their coach class . 
 to play the hand it has dealt itself , the compani and the uaw assert that they have pull togeth all the hard lesson learn from the japanes , the consult and other about design , engin , technolog , manufactur , labor-manag relat and `` work smart. '' 
 here are these men and women so commit to kid they are will to take on a second job for peanut and give up their free time after a hard day on the regular job and they get a kick in the teeth for it . 
 `` but sometim it is hard work . 
 ed southerland is vice presid of robert half co. of washington , a compani that find job for financi and account peopl , and he defend the stern personnel polici that generat much of his clientel : ; `` somebodi 's got to take a cold , hard look at the number and move on . 
 no one , in fact , defend the content of the seri , and sever speaker from the audienc chide the board for not be hard enough on the textbook . 
 all of this is go to requir some hard work and some imagin , but for the most part i suspect we ll enjoy the process , as well as the final result . 
 i want to thank council member alan loisel and gari mello for their hard work on the fremont citi council . 
 week loss is part counterbalanc by 500 arriv each week from west germani , but the hard truth , say crossman , is that `` the close off of east berlin without interfer from the west and with the use onli of east german , as distinct from russian , troop was a major communist victori , which dealt west berlin a dead , possibl a fatal , blow . 
 he appear to be a solid citizen who has turn himself into an excel defens player through hard work . 
 he said democrat are play `` straight polit , hard ball , `` by show no willing to find middl ground on the matter . 
 she and pete were realli get serious , i 'd have to do some hard think . 
 befor you commit yourself to a career , you need to take a hard look at salari , advanc opportun and the market environ of field you might choos . 
 it is tempt to believ , as so mani american do , that state legislatur live by ronald reagan 's maxim : `` i know that hard work never kill anyon , but i figur whi take the chanc ? '' 
 but despit the hard work he put into his compani , famili member say his first love was fish , an activ he enjoy best on the sacramento-san joaquin river delta . 
 there are few hard explan for the wide dispar between men and women . 
 sayl , never the sunniest of chronicl , here take a long , hard look at the inner citi . 
 but , in american labor polit , he identifi with what he imagin to be `` the hard-lin rank-and-fil parti '' -- unlik support for a compact among labor , busi and govern . 
 but howi work me in after a lot of hard think . 
 `` and it all happen becaus of hard work . 
 etc. : the new york giant and mark bavaro have agre on a financi settlement that end hard feel between the club and the former all-pro tight end , who was waiv becaus of knee injuri . 
 smile at winston , and he saw the hate hard glitter in her eye . 
 whichev team doe n't has a long , hard road . 
 the work is alreadi hard . 
 the san jose museum of art auxiliari 's recent debut fashion show luncheon will be a hard act to follow . 
 and if california doe n't soften it hard line on mount busi regul , other say , the inland empir will never attract the strong manufactur base need to keep growth intact . 
 old gal stare at me with her hard eye , said , `` she did n't call . 
 it can be done , but it need goodwil and hard work . 
 the current recess is caus mani chief execut to take a harder look at technolog spend . 
 after four year of hard work , i was wait for this for a long time . 
 while bush gave iran a pat on the back , his spokesman struck a harder tone . 
 `` the hard work is ahead , and that is take advantag of this . . . tragedi and turn it to produc increas stabil and secur in the middl east , `` scowcroft said on abc-tv 's `` this week with david brinkley. '' 
 `` it was hard work six day a week , but it was a great experi and open door for me , `` said the modest , soft-spoken lam . 
 the hard work has includ caulk the crack in the hous , scrape off old paint and replac crack board . 
 at the end of his hard , long and especi good day , piniella paid a visit to the red ' administr offic , where he quick was stop by an autograph-seek secretari . 
 cheney repeat refus to say that he had achiev hard and fast agreement with ani of the six countri he visit , nor would he reveal ani detail of his talk . 
 the new nintendo `` is go to be a harder sell than peopl origin anticip , `` he said . 
 the wine have six or seven month in bottl to settl down and gain some harmoni ; they were a bit hard when they first arriv last spring . 
 the hard work and care is evid , by both the care prepar meal and the friend atmospher . 
 after all , he said , there 's hard work involv -- everi volunt will be expect to attend week meet for six month . 
 much of what i learn was no surpris -- the hard work , dedic and enthusiasm of the teach staff was pretti inspir stuff to me , the jade busi execut . 
 year of hard work and save often get lost in the process . 
 that mean take a long , hard look at your spend to see what can be cut . 
 he was sidetrack by his first real love , fanci car , and after year of hard work found himself the owner of a chain of bay area auto bodi shop that special in bmws and merced . 
 write 's hard work , all right , but it doe n't take up a lot of canin 's day . 
 are conscienti , hard work , honest , accur , a good penman , and a stickler for a job well done , with no loos end . 
 i admit that i may be a littl hard on quayl , but should n't we , as a nation , expect more from our vice presid ? 
 we just ca n't let hard work and drive creat favor environ for those will to make the effort as oppos to those unwil to do so . 
 ( check ) those who had mentor most frequent cite dedic , hard work , intellig and enthusiasm as the characterist that led to mentor choos them . 
 the next day , flaherti learn the hard number : mineta owe $ 5 , 027 to the congression dine room . 
 the report urg lawmak to take a hard look at the tax break `` whose rational and object are no longer valid or of low priority. '' 
 henc the agreement last week , after two-day 's hard bargain among the communiti 's foreign minist , to delet ani mention of a `` feder goal '' in the draft treati be prepar for maastricht in favor of a refer to `` an ever closer union of the state and an administr as close as possibl to it citizens. '' 
 all black peopl are beneficiari of special race-bas assist ; no black succeed becaus of famili , teacher , intellig , hard work or good charact . 
 affirm action is there to help peopl who , despit hard work and drive , might not be hire , promot or admit into prestigi univers becaus of their gender or race . 
 presid bush tri to patch up an embarrass split with his desert storm command thursday by telephon gen. h. norman schwarzkopf to reassur him that there are no hard feel . 
 in these area , they say , a littl hard work can truli pay off when it come time to sell . 
 valdiosera 's stori can be view as the affirm of the american dream : regardless of your origin , you can overcom the most difficult obstacl to get what you want through hard work and determin . 
 match the appropri card with the monitor ( most dealer can get this basic step right ) and , abov all , take a long , hard look at the screen . 
 there are still no hard answer to the question of what drove lewiston , a nation known innov of lung transplant techniqu , to such a complic emot life . 
 her sloppi phrase was the aural equival of a drunk bump into light pole and garbag can after a hard night on the town . 
 fed up by that , the player union has hire a new front man , bob goodenow , whose negoti team is take a harder line against the owner than ever befor . 
 today , the gate sound somewhat date , lack the emot forc of the `` hard '' gospel singer , but they show a side of gospel that is often overlook -- it consumm technic expertis and profession . 
 `` there are no hard feel , `` humphrey said . 
 it is the road that might reward hard work and disciplin , that might reward intellig , that might be fair and provid equal opportun . 
 that 's the hard truth citi council member present when they pass a $ 66 million general fund budget for fiscal 1992 that will trim program and servic to make up a $ 2.5 million shortfal . 
 the mercuri news publish a glitzi cover stori to highlight it home section , admit not a portion devot to hard news . 
 `` at first the guy on the other team realli give me a hard time , `` she said . 
 `` he also has great strength that he 's develop through hard work. '' 
 in a 1960s survey , near 60 percent of american believ `` hard work alway pay off. '' 
 fleer : the player are suppos to `` leap right off '' the card becaus of pastel background that appear to reced insid a hard green border . 
 `` lotteri are move toward harder form of gambl to deflect critic from their stagnant sale , and state are look toward harder form of gambl , envis that they will generat the revenu that lotteri did , `` said michael jone , whose chicago-bas market promot compani special in game . 
 she had an instant 's glimps of grey eye , hard as steel , then his lip were on her . 
 `` after this action , you re go to get hard posit . 
 but bellami 's versatil stem from hard work behind the scene , friend said . 
 rosaldo said some crack dealer possess `` horatio alger valu '' of hard work and self-reli . 
 there was a hard , bitter edg in his voic as he accus feder prosecutor of hound him while ignor wrongdo by white offici . 
 take a hard look at the present success and failur in your yard , especi plant that are suffer from freez damag . 
 they see stori of a young man from a broken famili who rais himself out of abject poverti with the help of stern but love grandpar , who instil in him the valu of hard work . 
 the committe releas a memorandum written by gate in 1984 , when he was director of the cia 's analysi branch , advoc a far harder line against leftist nicaragua than the administr was then pursu . 
 they like the democrat better on the `` soft '' issu ; but until they re convinc the democrat are safe on the `` hard '' issu , they wo n't put them in charg of the execut branch . 
 tone is the weakest part of his equip ; it tend to be hard and colorless . 
 smith receiv prais thursday from school offici , fellow truste and even recal support for his intellig , hard work and dilig . 
 but with help from campbel 's offic and a year of hard work , he tap corpor and privat donor for $ 60 , 000 . 
 but the hard truth is that for a 55-year-old worker worri about his or her job a goodby bonus is an offer he or she usual ca n't refus . 
 today , thank to a lot of industrywid soul search and hard work , it mean someth quit differ . 
 if this is what you are do , you should not be bill your client for hard work , which they can plain see they are not get . 
 `` i want to work veri hard for the next four , five year and be abl around 65 to say to myself , ok , you should slow down . ' 
 not onli do we rememb them for their great accomplish in a hard-work lifetim but we are grate that they hand on their knowledg to other . 
 `` the torkelson ' is a love show , but they re wedg in between two hard , adult comedi , `` he said . 
 she 's also hard at work on an autobiographi . 
 but her hard work and talent earn her the second princess titl -- and an invit from the owner of the step by step danc group in san francisco to join the group . 
 the 1986 was a littl hard and need a few more year of age , but it was the 1987 that stole the show . 
 nbc news presid michael gartner said in a statement issu sunday that the trip was neither `` hard news nor journalist signific , and we disclos through on-air credit that facil and air fare were provid to us. '' 
 lean from the hard work and tan from the long hour in the sun , gallucci laugh as he describ how he and eight other dredger file claim with sp for compens for the nine day they could not work . 
 after appl exceed $ 5 billion in sale , graziano said , `` we took a hard look at our busi and our posit in the industri . 
 `` i am go to take a hard look at each oper segment , and we may have to do adjust in particular area , `` amelio said . 
 `` some make a mystic of this declar , but it is hard common sens ; for the lesson you will learn from me is this : everi kingdom over which we reign must be first form within us on what i as a bicycl look upon as the common parad ground of individu thought. '' 
 author have counterattack with old-fashion hard work , like piec togeth shred evid , and by develop a corp of their own electron expert . 
 the 53-year-old mayor spent near $ 1 million on his re-elect -- most money from busi and downtown interest -- but drop sever percentag point after three month of hard campaign . 
 there is no hard evid that the mercuri in dental fill pose ani health threat despit concern rais last year by a canadian studi and a report on `` 60 minut , `` a government-sponsor panel of expert unanim said wednesday . 
 had a hard voic , too , this time . 
 a duti teacher put his back into his work and is apt to be hard and unbend . 
 hard igneous rock , such as granit , made servic weight , reason impervi to moistur and capabl of withstand hard wear and exposur . 
 he said that `` on this journey we will reaffirm the valu of our ancestor -- hard work , determin , will , thrift , product , persever . 
 not onli is music essenti as a reflect of our cultur , argu teacher david anderson , it also teach student the valu of hard work and cooper , rais self-esteem and often translat into higher grade and test score in subject more common regard as basic skill . 
 pretti hard on him '' . 
 do the hard work of freedom . 
 a good old-fashion breakfast - and realli good breakfast dish are among the most pleas form of food - is appreci by the energet , as a prelud to a day 's walk or climb or fish in the holiday , or as a good basi for a day of hard work ; even on sunday it is someth to sustain you for perus of the newspap , though not the best aid to keep awak dure a long sermon . 
 `` but did he excel by sheer dint of hard work ? `` the time ask . 
 `` do the play befor a sea of veri hard men , i felt this eeri kind of power . 
 i 'm hard on myself . 
 it 's the culmin of a decad of hard work and risk-tak by the 31-year-old west virginia nativ , who has seen six of her song hit no. 1 on the chart , and recent releas her seventh album , `` time pass by. '' 
 here are my note on the wine in the order in which they were tast : ; ( box ) 1988 echezeaux : smoki and tast of brown sugar , pretti and live with hard tannin ; close and young , charm but simpl and quit forward. ( 90 ) there are 94 acr in this appel of which drc own 11 . 
 their loyalti and hard work have great contribut to the success of the compani . 
 what make him differ is his profess ; he 's a big-money ballplay in the public eye and there are number , hard and fast number such as 21 and .201 , that strong suggest he 's bring his problem to work . 
 q : when you were work out your deal at elektra , did you have a hard time persuad the execut to let you do this album ? 
 presid bush prais the ec action and said washington was `` take a hard look '' at whether to impos sanction . 
 no one has hard number to prove it , but languag expert insist that more u.s. compani are reach that conclus . 
 dole urg that the naacp `` should come back to america , where equal opportun and hard work are valu embrac not onli by judg thoma , but by the overwhelm major of american , both white and black. '' 
 he want bad to tell him how sorri he was for the hard , offhand way he had sometim behav to him . 
 `` a belief in the valu of hard work and industri ( is ) the basi for social and econom good , `` the report said . 
 in five year as director of san jose repertori theatr , near has explor provoc topic such as the surviv of love in a hard world ( `` arm and the man , `` `` burn patienc '' and `` a streetcar name desir '' all came from that season ) ; the illus of success ( that was the year of `` all my son , `` `` the rainmak '' and `` orphan '' ) ; and the aftereffect of loneli ( `` fenc , `` `` the caretak , `` `` dracula '' and `` the geographi of luck '' ) . 
 `` our peopl definit thought it was hard work , but everyon agre it was worth it , `` recal sun 's volunt coordin , jennif sim . 
 there were no hard feel between the weed . 
 `` that 's perfect ok , but it 's hard on individu people. '' 
 there were firemen and policemen and ambul , and the eye of the spectat were hard with disast . 
 famili member recal saturday how , with hard work , he was abl to success re-establish his famili . 
 the american peopl are now learn the hard way how difficult it is to act in accord with cool and ration principl when a suppos vital nation interest is threaten by a dictat with a high charg weight of public emot drive him forward . 
 for million of reader his name was synonym with action , intrigu , suspens and mysteri , but green did not think he had talent , just patienc and a penchant for hard work . 
 after the approv , if i rememb the figur right , of some seven propos long-dist rout -lrb- it was six or seven , or someth of that order -rrb- , which meant a great deal of hard work for the commiss and in survey on the spot , even now , more than ten year after this work began , none of these long-dist rout is yet complet open to walker or to horsemen in these beauti area . 
 but for a varieti of reason -- not least among them the liabil and the cost of accid -- sever polic depart have begun to take a harder look at chase , particular for traffic violat . 
 while the baltic republ have been plan their independ move for year and are certain to go ahead , `` with the other , when they take a good hard look at the consequ , it may caus a lot of the republ to reconsider. '' 
 `` listen to me , my man , '' he said grim , as he laid a hard hand on fred 's arm . 
 there is no one more devot , more commit to the hard work of freedom , than everi soldier and sailor , everi marin , airman and coast guardsman -- everi man and woman now serv in the persian gulf . 
 soledad sit on the floor of a dri , flat valley in farm countri , a cluster of off-whit barrack encircl by a high fenc , under a sun as hard as the wind , bright and relentless . 
 shakespear 's famous tragedi took a harder line , of cours , with bodi all over the stage , and now jane smiley present us with a new version , set on an iowa farm in 1979 , that is , in it way , as intellig , compel , complex and heartbreak as his . 
 but he say the rand data may persuad doctor to take anoth hard look at their chiropractor colleagu . 
 but then it was , damn , when are we go to get home ? ' `` ; in cold , hard term -- five game , six week and 11 , 590 mile from now . 
 presid bush ask american on tuesday night to share in the `` hard work of freedom '' by defeat tyranni in the persian gulf and embrac volunteer and individu initi at home . 
 dure this recess and hard econom time , i am grate that i have a steadi job that i enjoy . 
 for all the hard work and all the pain you go through period , it is a magnific profess . 
 havemann suggest that consum who expect to be in their home for onli three to five year take a hard look at discount-r adjust . 
 `` we re take a hard look at ourselv , `` defens end pierc holt said . 
 `` he was essenti an uneduc man , but through hard work and determin , with his wife , they becam landown . 
 but beyond the claim of hard necess , wilson has argu that cut welfar support should be view as a benefici becaus it will encourag work effort . 
 on one level , he is state a hard truth . 
 brother karl was a veri gentl soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said littl but who had hard , probe eye . 
 those onli are worth have which come as the result of hard fight . 
 but , baker said , `` it is the firm hope and desir and wish of my govern , of my presid that we will not let what could be a histor opportun pass for want of a willing to commit ourselv to do the real hard work of peace. '' 
 but american 's student had to take a hard look at their school , which program they would like to keep , which one they can do without . 
 he said he had no hard feel about lose his post . 
 in a speech thursday in baltimor , shamir took a hard line on the negoti with the arab , say isra need to hold onto former arab land to protect itself against surround `` tyranni and dictatorships. '' 
 that includ sprint-boat race ( whatev that is ) , as mike woodger and chris paddon learn the hard way in melbourn , although neither was injur when the 400-horsepow boat hit an embank . 
 `` investor also need to know that this market is more volatil . . . so they should take a hard look at the compani befor invest , `` collin ad . 
 there is no way i 'm wast an hour drive to s.f. , anoth hour search for park , after a confus , furious , intens hard day 's work . 
 `` it 's pretti hard work , `` say walter . 
 but kennedi said he believ the hard feel of the campaign had been set asid . 
 ohio state 's jim jackson , who led the team with 19 point , said : `` it 's realli frustrat to go out this way after as hard as we ve work all year . 
 `` we think it 's a veri major breakthrough , `` schoemehl said , `` but the realli hard work still is in front of us. '' 
 mrs. goulart serv as the bookkeep , and her husband say her hard work and attent to detail help make the store a success . 
 there were no hard feel , though . 
 plan to renew graze leas ; it also will take a hard look at a profit sidelin busi -- the leas of 30 , 000 acr to cattl rancher for graze . 
 sever member of the subcommitte , howev , said the govern should take a long , hard look at the futur of the plane . 
 without ever rare back and let go with the hard stuff , harri open the stake for a start job with a fine perform befor a crowd of 8 , 087 . 
 