my companion enjoy a healthi slice of the chocol mouss cake , made with a hard chocol crust , top a spong cake with either strawberri or raspberri on the bottom . 
 `` i feel that the hard court is my best surfac overal , `` courier said . 
 water becom stiff and hard as clear stone . 
 statist canada said that of the hard red spring wheat remain in the storag bin of western farmer , about 47 % was of the top grade , up from 46 % last year . 
 lendl , a three-tim u.s. open champion , lead their seri 13-10 and is 2-1 against edberg on hard court this year . 
 onc thicken , the polenta might be enhanc with salt , pepper , a ground hard chees such as asiago or romano and season with fresh herb , such as chop basil , sage or oregano . 
 `` play at the stick , you get a lot of spike mark that stay in the dirt becaus the ground is so hard . 
 down , whose annual shoulder troubl appar was remedi with surgeri last april , threw progress better this spring but develop an inflam big right toe as his foot rub the hard arizona dirt dure his follow-through . 
 the advent of astroturf mean player are move faster and hit a harder surfac . 
 the crystal make the varnish extrem hard , `` probabl 100 time tougher '' than varnish use on violin for the last 150 year , and explain the mysteri of the old violin ' uniqu sheen , he say . 
 my onli complaint here is that the industrial-strength roll is too hard on the outsid and too thick . 
 one sell at $ 1 ,695 ; the other cost $ 600 more for a `` hard '' disk store 10 ,000 page of data . 
 the 50 paint and 60 work on paper in the show consist larg of geometr reduct of the human form -- all hard line and kaleidoscop construct . 
 snow was hire to bring a harder edg and ideolog spirit to bush 's speech as he move toward the 1992 elect . 
 worker care scrape away 19 inch of hard dirt on top of the vault of dr. carl austin weiss , who die in a hail of bullet along with long in 1935 . 
 the dri period is import : it may take as long as a month for a cut to `` callus off , `` or form a hard , leatheri seal -- but long say when a fresh cut is put in a pot medium without the callus , it usual rot . 
 on the day befor the lockerbi explos , the two libyan flew from libya to malta with a larg , brown , hard-sid samsonit suitcas . 
 the spotlight will be on hard red winter wheat , which is primarili use for export and to make bread . 
 the berkeley-bas compani said it product , which must be refriger , is more like mouss than candi sinc the truffl that have hard chocol shell are high in cream content and low in sugar . 
 the hard , boxi edg have been round for a more aerodynam appear . 
 lump of a veri dark and hard ferrugin sandston , recal a tropic laterit , can also be found with ironstain purbeck slab in the surround arabl field . 
 as reynold prepar to introduc camel nineti nine , a longer-length cigarett in a hard pack ; continu test horizon , a brand that it promot as have improved-aroma smoke , and prepar an imag overhaul for it flagship winston brand , it doe so without public or public relat campaign . 
 if the exist surfac is made of wood , you may not have to instal a hard floor such as ceram tile , stone or vinyl over it . 
 `` it was an ordinari green ford consul with a hard top - like an ordinari saloon . 
 but carlton said the money was in a hard cardboard box when he hand it to the aid for deliveri to noriega . 
 shin and knee guard -- made of hardplast , they are similar to the shin guard worn by catcher in basebal . 
 even though we use cold , filter water in our tea kettl , it has develop a hard , crack gray crust on the bottom dure the few month we ve been here . 
 as the scar tissu grow to form a thick capsul around the implant , it can caus the breast to becom hard and sometim sore . 
 boy will be in dark pant , tri-corn hat and hard-sol shoe . 
 malaysia 's electron industri is between a rock and a hard place . 
 a general rule to keep in mind is that when cook chees it should be done on medium unless it is a hard chees such as grate parmesan or romano . 
 jeffrey edelman , an analyst at drexel burnham lambert inc. , said penney also has done `` a veri good job of place more emphasi on profit soft good , while move out of less profit hard-good categori such as electron and sport good . '' 
 littl boo , with their hard white skin , are not for cook . 
 as the name suggest , a green plantain has a hard bright green skin . 
 rub the swab at the point on the roof of the mouth where the hard surfac becom soft , known as the junction of the hard and soft palat . 
 they said the pasta was too hard . 
 perhap fmc should knock off the tank tread and put on rubber tire , replac the 5 mpg engin with more effici one , replac the hard seat with soft cushion , and mark down the price a wee bit to compet with other luxuri car . 
 not everybodi mind nois as much as i do , but in the wooden mountain hous , all hard surfac , even a small crowd can rattl the window . 
 this box sheet was then extend up the length of the lock in the form of a 2 ft wide trench in order to drain the head of the lock , the trench be fill with hard core over drain . 
 the inton waver again and again in the stravinski `` apollo , `` and the sound textur in the puccini piec turn hard and unyield . 
 but hard-cov alway have had a few refug . 
 onion seed have a hard seed coat . 
 good job have been disappear from this hard-scrabbl river town for year . 
 becker match lendl 's nine ace but won this match with his more dynam net play , dive and roll on the hard court as if frolick on grass . 
 it differ flavor result from it fire in a hard-seasoned-wood , brick oven . 
 in the slow bore of hard board , congress and the presid keep hit bit -- break knot -- the deficit , health care and educ polici , the environ , our rot infrastructur . 
 rag scrubland and manicur lawn had the same bleak blanket of hard gray crust . 
 there was no time for rejoic , but the hard , firm shape of the automat sent a new confid surg through his bodi . 
 she alway has been attract to contradictori impuls , the `` dual natur '' suggest by the exhibit 's titl : hard vs. soft , feminin vs. masculin . 
 he said the blister was caus by drag his foot on a hard mound while pitch in arizona . 
 i ve heard that mani women spritz and spritz until even the split end are hard enough to cut glass . 
 surfac key : frm pkd & equal ; firm pack , hrd pkd & equal ; hard pack , mch grm & equal ; machin groom , pkd pwdr & equal ; pack powder , pwdr & equal ; powder . 
 most of the time the chang is increment , in the evoc word of max weber , `` a strong and slow bore of hard boards. '' 
 that record-break hard freez ravish tropic and mediterranean plant in bay area garden . 
 the dri period is import : it may take as long as a month for a cut to `` callus off , `` or form a hard , leatheri seal -- but long say when a fresh cut is put in a pot medium without the callus , it usual rot . 
 the play equip , sand and hard surfac for handicap access cost about $ 160 , 000 , said lincoln fong , senior landscap architect for the citi . 
 this time on the hard court of the mint green nation tenni center the match was a fit finish to a day that featur victori by a parad of australian open champion -- edberg , the 1985 and 1987 winner , ivan lendl the 1989 and 1990 winner , and mat wiland the 1983 , 1984 and 1988 winner . 
 these includ cover a cake with a hard glaze of sugar and gelatin or use wood as a temporari frame for float sculptur . 
 when collagen form , women are like to develop a fibrous `` capsul '' around the implant that becom hard and sometim sore . 
 silicon carbid 's problem is that , becaus it 's so hard , it 's also brittl , and thus vulner to impact stress . 
 it blond tint were as fresh and endur as enamel , -- and quit as hard . 
 general , a novic sandblast can remov the old paint , but not without cut into soft grain while leav hard grain virtual untouch . 
 the handset he had been hold clatter against someth hard ; it had been drop or yank loos . 
 intim surfac of the aorta was cover with confluent , yellow-brown , hard , friabl plaqu along it entir cours , and there was a mark narrow of the orific of the larg major viscer arteri . 
 on his own garag door he found that the open revers when it struck the hard block but crush a cardboard box -- a materi that one assum more close repres peopl . 
 but i find that , when sit with my spinal column bent at a 45-degre angl and my knee ram into a hard , knotti slab of oak , my attent span tend to shorten consider . 
 `` i felt noth but my head and shoulder blade press on the hard slab beneath my back . 
 like a chocol easter bunni , rotate mold plastic product have a hard skin but are hollow insid . 
 easter egg to go : peopl who do n't have time to dye their own can now buy hard-boil and pre-color rainbow egg . 
 wednesday : day 4 ; in the morn there were ice patch on the stream , and the ground was frozen hard as we start our eight-mil hike to kibo hut . 
 last winter 's hard frost caus some of the new growth tip to go limp , but they quick recov . 
 most hard chees are higher in satur fat than meat . 
 i have perform a number of oper on these type of ear , and i can assur you that this is extrem hard bone . 
 said trevor wilson , who pitch the giant ' first eight inning : `` mitch is hard as a rock , so i do n't think it bother him any. '' 
 age 1 to 3 : 2 to 3 serv daili ; one serv would be 1/2 to 3/4 cup milk ( for children under 2 year of age , serv onli whole milk , not low-fat or skim milk ) , 1/2 to 3/4 cup yogurt , 1 ounc hard chees , or 1/4 cup cottag chees , pud , ice milk or ice cream . 
 the interior is over chintzi , with hard and uncomfort seat and fabric that feel cheap . 
 i like the low-fat ( no shorten but with nut or chocol ) better than the no-fat , which i found dri and hard . 
 instrument is shown in fig. 1 and consist essenti of a hard , sharp , tungsten carbid knife which is push along the substrat to remov the coat . 
 his game is made for hard court , but the court here are fast , and there are no bad bounc . 
 bumper sought the moratorium becaus his propos to impos a 5 percent royalti on gold , silver and other hard-rock miner mine on feder land has been stall for year in the senat energi and natur resourc committe , which is domin by western . 
 but both chain aggress promot the latest mass-market hard-cov best seller , put them in the front of each store or along the main thoroughfar , the `` power aisl . '' 
 howev , as the fifth hous in that row is the hous of scientist , the occup of which were not amen to evict no matter how worthi the caus , bori piotrovski soon found himself between a rock and a hard place . 
 the skin is cover with hard , bubblelik scale , and mattson is labori construct the boot one stitch at a time , slip the needl of his sew machin care between the scale . 
 some say the implant make their breast hard and sore . 
 in field hockey , in which girl chase a solid , hard-plast ball with wooden stick , the shin pad use meet nation standard and are requir to be worn at all time . 
 as they matur into adulthood , the grasshopp develop a rock-hard exoskeleton and the abil to fli the length of a footbal field . 
 now an atlanta businessman , mr. scherer sever all tie with the compani in 1979 in a disput with some board member , includ mr. fink , on how to run the maker of hard- and soft-shel capsul use to hold drug , vitamin and bath oil . 
 the rain , along with the plenti ogallala aquif that is pump for irrig in this part of nebraska , has left the field of alfalfa , corn and hard red winter wheat in good shape . 
 the soviet union will suppli 1.5 million cubic meter of timber a year , most hard pine , and china will provid coal , salt , electr , oil and other materi , the news servic said . 
 on a hard surfac or wood , the clack of these heel is inappropri in public place . 
 life saver hole , a pellet version of the hard candi , are be withdrawn from store nationwid after four teen-ag swallow or gag on the packag ' plastic top , compani offici said . 
 mr. ohma 's latest book , `` beyond nation border : reflect on japan and the world '' -lrb- dow jones-irwin , 128 page , $ 16.95 -rrb- , abli translat into english by the author and some mckinsey colleagu , sold more than 300 ,000 hard cover copi in japan . 
 my breath , and the veri ground becom as hard as flint . 
 note : cinnamon red hot are small red candi slight harder than jelli bean , avail in the bake section of supermarket . 
 ( box ) sun hong kong restaur , 91 shattuck squar ( i.e. , shattuck avenu at addison ) , berkeley , ( 510 ) 841-2288 , is a bright , hard-surfac , contemporari chines cafe that fill it two small floor of tabl until 2 a.m. by sell a long and interest menu supplement by a separ menu of soup , noodl dish and rice plate at extrem low price . 
 now their view is one of miseri -- hard earth blanket with discard water bottl and human wast , weari children in tatter cloth line up for ration . 
 sometim tap the pot on a hard surfac will loos the cramp plant , but you may have to use a screwdriv to pri it out . 
 the priest bear the holi relic -- the refere carri the puck , a rock-hard piec of black rubber -- drop it in the face-off at center ice , and the contest begin . 
 so hard-cov still have one advantag , after all . 
 in common with mani lock of earli date , no hard floor was provid between the mass concret lock wall , although timber baulk of substanti section were set in the earth floor to act as strut between the base of the wall . 
 you re trap between a net and a pack of larg men , who are wield wooden stick and whack hard littl projectil at your head at 120 mph . 
 one of the most import is to provid a relat hard , stabl surfac on which to place the dine tabl and chair ; the other is to make it possibl to cook the meal close at hand . 
 age 4 and 5 : 2 to 3 serv daili ; one serv would be 3/4 cup milk , 3/4 cup yogurt , 1 1/2 ounc hard chees , or 1/2 cup cottag chees , pud , ice milk or ice cream . 
 k mart said that it hard good busi show improv dure januari with the biggest gain in small applianc , home electron , sport good and automot product . 
 she said , smell pugh becaus peopl let dead fish lie on the beach till the fish got hard as rock ; then they scrape off the mold and made fish soup . 
 flat , hard cap was small , but he thrust it to the back of his head . 
 i do n't believ you could argu with the basic messag of either book : that somehow the hard face of american capit need to be soften , femin if you will . 
 if you need a color not avail on prefinish pegboard , paint smooth , unfinish pegboard with a urethan enamel for a hard finish . 
 to his dismay , he soon discov that the pastri were as hard as rock . 
 row of metal grave marker and green spike that serv as temporari marker sit in a 200-acr field of orang dirt as hard as bake adob . 
 best of all is `` whitman : a song for occup , `` which juxtapos loop of soft cloth tape stencil with word such as `` house-build '' and `` glass-blow '' spill from a hard-edg steel wall mount . 
 in the offer announc april 30 , the depart assur the soviet they would n't have to pay more than $ 80 a ton for bread-qual hard red wheat . 
 whi corn pop ; the pressur of that expand steam build up becaus popcorn , unlik sweet corn , has anoth layer of starch , this a hard layer that keep the steam insid the kernel until it can resist the pressur no more. pow ! 
 `` it was autumn then and the ground was get hard becaus the night were cold and leav from the mapl around the stadium blew across the practic field in gust of wind and the girl were begin to put polo coat over their sweater . 
 the first hard-cov print is a healthi 150 ,000 copi , and even an abbrevi cassett version will be avail . 
 blow encount silki hair and hard bone . 
 `` as a matter of fact a good hard frost seem to clear the old tube . 
 with a hard bristl brush , he press the dutch metal onto the rail ornament , care work it into each groov of it acanthusleaf pattern . 
 the may 1990 issu of consum report , in an articl rate bicycl helmet , took a general negat view on hard-shel helmet but the bicycl helmet safeti institut say it believ `` the impact rate are not base on current helmet standard . 
 to tell the truth , i thought marbl was much harder. '' 
 the shelf of hard lava , rest on a pile of loos rock , could snap off and dump them in the ocean . 
 light a feed , particular with metal or other hard materi , caus overh of the tool and burn of the cut edg . 
 ( or put a drop into a glass of cold water period until it instant turn into a hard ball. ) 
 we ve gone from be between a rock and a hard place to be between a dog and a hydrant. ' ; clark redek , alameda counti water district board member , on the water crisi . 
 in his first extend interview with report sinc take over the parti chairmanship , yeutter display littl of the hard edg that character atwat 's brand of polit . 
 both transact are instal in a sale of four million metric ton of bread-qual hard red winter wheat that the soviet agre to buy recent after promis of heavi subsidi under the reagan administr 's export-enhanc program . 
 it should feel heavi and not too hard ; it skin should be thick and without ani discolor patch ; it should smell nice but not too strong . 
 they may be inaccur , the steel may be soft -lrb- or possibl too hard -rrb- so that the edg either crumbl or is brittl , or they may not be robust enough for the work they have to do . 
 after the first time , in 1967 , her breast turn hard within month . 
 becaus of this ambigu , `` the plaintiff are in the proverbi posit of be between a rock and a hard place , '' judg mcdonald said . 
 condominium had been charg a higher rate than single-famili home becaus they usual have more hard surfac and thus produc more runoff . 
 latex expand and contract more ( than oil ) and you can run into crack and allig of the top coat , when you put a hard coat ( oil ) over a soft coat ( latex ) . 
 togeth they had sat throw hard , round pebbl into the dark water , and there was a moon that was not a full moon but was nevertheless the finest moon that joe joe had seen up until then . 
 the san jacinto player , most from the east coast , ca n't help feel like exil in this hard bake patch of suburban houston . 
 wine/food match ; red ; ( box ) chianti : grill or roast beef or veal , pasta with veget , light meat or poultri , hard chees . 
 in a six-block radius , there are lesbian bar with chrome-pl harley-davidson motorcycl park outsid , taco stand alongsid szechwan restaur , mexican voodoo parlor fill with ceram figurin of the devil and bar where cappuccino-sip beatnik share tabl with hard-hat construct worker . 
 all piec to becom leather hard befor construct shaker . 
 down , whose annual shoulder troubl appar was remedi with surgeri last april , threw progress better this spring but develop an inflam big right toe as his foot rub the hard arizona dirt dure his follow-through . 
 the fda defer action on the compani 's request for approv of the sweeten , which has the trade name sunett in the u.s. , as an ingredi in confect includ hard and soft candi . 
 the process produc a hard crystallin mass , silicon carbid , which featur veri strong molecular bond and a close-knit structur , much like a diamond . 
 two month have pass , the first brood of robin and cardin have fledg , and the mound of authent , old-fashion nest materi remain direct on the ground between a rock and a hard place , get more unsteril by the day . 
 most all-purpos flour contain a blend of hard and soft wheat . 
 `` when you travel in your own privat yacht , you can afford to have hard-sid luggag becaus you do n't have to pick it off a convey belt , and it 's handl by your staff. '' 
 although it 's extrem hard and durabl , there is n't much thick for sand . 
 vernal pool occur onli in the springtim and are usual found on hard , claypan surfac , so the water is pool dure the spring runoff . 
 `` it 's veri difficult to sell women 's apparel in a store whose reput is hard good , '' said monro greenstein , an analyst at bear , stearn & co . 
 if i push him too far he 'd give me a look out of narrow eye and the hard cruel boni skull would show through that smooth face of his . 
 it wind street and batter storefront appear more real than the real thing ; if you doubt it , just watch visitor tri to tipto across what they think is a sloshi , muddi main drag , actual just a hard surfac sculpt to look like mud . 
 ms. mcglade say that `` hard good sale should continu to hold up better than apparel , '' thank part to the strength in new-hom sale and relat furnish purchas . 
 mr. clark believ firm that the chew of hard food help develop healthi gum and teeth , raw veget and raw whole-wheat grain are hand out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cooki at snack time in the afternoon . 
 ( box ) harvest squash , pumpkin and decor gourd when the vine are dri and the rind hard . 
 surfac key : frm pkd & equal ; firm pack , ; hrd pkd & equal ; hard pack , mch grm & equal ; machin groom , ; pkd pwdr & equal ; pack powder , pwdr & equal ; powder . 
 some are pop button out of hard plastic sheet with punch machin that look as if they date from the industri revolut . 
 here are a few suggest : ; ( check ) do n't instal equip over hard surfac such as asphalt or concret . 
 third class is sit on hard wooden bench ; mani passeng bring hammock to hang willy-nilli across the head of fellow travel , who do not seem terribl put out by the inconveni . 
 `` the campaign just doe n't move us , '' say mildr wortham , a 34-year-old mother of two who live in the hard-scrabbl rockwel garden hous project , where one young mother recent die of a cocain overdos and a 13-year-old girl was stab and toss from a seventh-floor window . 
 the rear seat was thin and hard , like a park bench . 
 the larger the tool and the harder the materi , the slower the speed . 
 scherer , which make hard-shel and soft-shel gelatin capsul use to hold drug , vitamin and bath oil , earn $ 15.1 million , or $ 1.38 a share , in the year end march 31 , includ a $ 3.7 million credit from tax-loss carry-forward . 
 forecast that hurrican gilbert will bring rain to the hard red winter wheat plant area of texa , oklahoma , colorado , nebraska and kansa spark sell in wheat . 
 rent-a-car compani founder warren avi found that out when he was promot the hard-cov edit of his guid to entrepreneurship , `` take a chanc to be first . '' 
 instead of suntan and souvenir , the indian brought back piec of hard rock call monterey- band chert , which they made into stone knive and spear tip . 
 at the academi , professor still proud show their communist parti card , at a time in soviet histori when the hard red leather-bound document are be burn by demonstr . 
 lens sold for long-term wear come in a hard-plat case or glass vial that last the entir life of the len . 
 de-thatch and aerat hard-pack turf area and appli a fertil to carri the lawn through winter . 
 there are the rose , unexpect dot of color on a neutral ground ; and a play mural soften the hard line of the central corridor in the main wing . 
 she also said their hard shoe and the squeaki pram wheel annoy her . 
 in fine , dri weather this mode of travel was not unpleas , when compar with the heavi vehicl of europ and the hard english turnpik ; but when spring rain drew the frost from the ground the road becam near impass , and in winter , when the river froze , a serious peril was ad , for the susquehanna or the north river at paulus hook must be cross in an open boat , -- an affair of hour at best , sometim lead to fatal accid . 
 when the heat return , the sand is bake into a hard crust capabl of support tank , complic ani u.s. attack . 
 yet when you come upon the stun `` eclat , `` with it hard chrome surfac pleat into delic bow that stretch allur across the wall , you understand her particular eye for beauti . 
 last week 's rail journey of a retir southern pacif steam locomot from south san francisco down the peninsula on it way to sacramento , remind me , fond i want you to know , of trip to the citi on ugli , soot-stain car with hard seat and drink `` fountain '' fill with warm water . 
 the terrain they will have to plod through is most flat desert , with both loos and hard pack sand , but it rise into the mutla ridg just north of kuwait citi , where ani climact tank battl would probabl be wage . 
 grain and soybean : wheat-futur price jump on rumor that the soviet union plan to buy 300 ,000 ton of u.s. hard red winter wheat at $ 99 a ton , the highest price it has paid in two year , said daniel bass , a grain analyst at gnp commod inc. , chicago . 
 you re in a real rock and a hard place , `` la russa said . 
 the design tri sever approach use the hard-shel mammal as an emblem includ an earli one san sunglass but with four cowboy boot . 
 `` she had this hard edg to her , and i did n't like her that way. '' 
 but hard-sid luggag , he say , is the eleg type that peopl carri in the 1920s and 1930s . 
 onc your tummi is hard enough , they ll stop the faucet and push on your tummi so you ll throw up all the water. '' 
 enter the cable-support fabric dome , which with insul cost an averag $ 13 million -- still about a third less than hard shell . 
 hard graze his knuckl . 
 he ad that the inject system also need to be redesign , use harder tungsten carbid materi . 
 the dogloo is made of two sheet of hard plastic with nitrogen bubbl in between for insul . 
 the chicken , frozen hard as stone , smack mani refuge on the head . 
 in a heat hous , howev , more water is advis , as if the plant are kept too dri , they tend to becom so hard that the stem are slow to `` break '' in spring . 
 scherer still make hard shell capsul oversea . 
 `` you put a hard wax on the base of a fiberglass board for speed , `` heitmann explain as we walk across east cliff drive toward the stair that lead to the ocean . 
 it 's flat-sol , low-heel and has a littl more comfort fit -- like a tenni shoe with a hard sole , `` say joe figueroa , vice presid of sale and market for the fort worth-bas compani , which provid all the boot in the movi . 
 the hard freez last decemb gave the peoni extra fine bloom this year . 
 common practic now is to cultiv rot-resist tomato , harvest them while they are still green and hard , and gas them to make them look red . 
 formosan termit have harder mandibl , the better for tear off chunk of soft metal , and their coloni run to the ten of million , compar with the subterranean who are content to stay in the hundr of thousand . 
 all three varieti have what i call a good crunch factor -- crunchi enough to hold up under dunk , but not so hard that you feel as if you were high tackl by ronni lott . 
 `` he was n't big by today 's standard -- he was 5-11 and 185 pound -- but he was rock hard . 
 ( box ) as the resin bead remov the miner , they slowli get satur with `` hard '' materi . 
 `` it 's not like peopl did n't know that rubber get hard at low temperatur . 
 on the flip side , too much light or too much fertil can make a plant too compact with tight , hard and brittl center . 
 `` we ve gone from be between a rock and a hard place to be between a dog and a hydrant , `` board member clark redek said . 
 q my new 1990 nissan hard bodi pickup throw out heavi , black smoke in the cool morn . 
 good look , hard bodi , cloth , money , car , possess , etc. , do n't even make the list. '' 
 cavern depth , clutter with antiqu , echo to her hard heel as she walk direct to the offic in the rear and took the seat at his desk . 
 the handl is a thick combin of smooth curv and hard line . 
 i ll return to school as long as it 's not a crowd campus , i do n't need a park permit , have to sit in a crowd classroom in a chair made from recycl hard plastic , watch televis , read a text , or be requir to do homework . 
 if onli the big chees had stroll through the airport as i was bed down on a hard plastic chair for half a night , i could have told him a thing or two about `` friend , `` old and new . 
 he had a moustach of sweat , a hard , factori mouth , and blue , unwil eye . 
 `` you can serv it as an appet , entre , veget and dessert , use it when it 's hard and green , soft and ripe , and at everi stage in between. '' 
 now in it 10th print , the book has sold 155 ,000 copi in hard cover sinc april and has been among the 10 best-sel book in the countri sinc june , astound both mr. hirsch and his publish , houghton mifflin co . 
 `` we re caught between a rock and a hard place where investor are concern , tri to figur out what this trade number mean , '' mr. greenwald said . 
 marbl cherub , for exampl , and carv marbl fireplac had been attack with hard blunt object . 
 hoya would be the plural mean , `` hard as rocks. '' 
 despit all the effort to sell `` charm school , '' mr. hoffman conced that so far waldenbook ' hard-cov sale of the book have total onli 9 ,000. -lrb- warner wo n't disclos overal sale but say it print just under 100 ,000 hard-cov copi and plan 1.2 million in paperback. -rrb- 
 older model , made out of a hard , stiff rubber , provid no spring and forc the ampute to pull his artifici leg through each step with his hip . 
 athlet learn sudden , with one hamstr , one achill tendon , what the rest of us learn more slowli : that the bodi betray , and that our skull are hard becaus they protect the onli part that realli mean anyth . 
 oil develop hard , smooth film when they dri and form resinlik substanc . 
 when buy radish , look for firm , hard-flesh and unblemish one . 
 in 1986 , bantam spent $ 250 ,000 for `` showdown , '' the highest price paid for north american hard-cov right to a foreign novelist at the time . 
 bean are toss about in a motion much like that of a cloth dryer and coat with sugar and color until their hard , shini shell develop . 
 we feel caught between a rock and a hard place . 
 import of a hard , abras resist knife materi like the carboloy employ in the hesiomet immedi becom appar . 
 paint , hard : brush with hot vinegar . 
 `` oh , i rememb the strawberri ' from slide on hard clay with no pad . 
 `` prior convict '' find jansson , onc a red-diap babi , now a disaffect lawyer , caught between a rock and a hard place . 
 when an object was place in the patient 's hand , he had no difficulti determin whether it was warm or cold , sharp or blunt , rough or smooth , flexibl , soft , or hard ; and he could tell , simpli by the feel of it , whether it was made of wood , iron , cloth , rubber , and so on . 
 `` for dessert , you can not improv on hard cooki on which to sharpen your teeth or to dunk in ani linger wine . 
 the fenc are a lot harder in oakland than there were in portland , ore . 
 north carolina has been a leader in the polici of retreat , believ it is better to let beach move natur than to fight the ocean with sea wall , jetti and other hard structur . 
 unlik relat soft canva or polyest wallpap line , veneer wall cover are relat hard when appli with adhes ; a finger will not leav a depress . 
 but then , when she first sat down , i did n't notic the paper bag she carri -- the bag fill with individu wrap hard candi , into which she steadili dip her hand . 
 she would not lie relax and peac , as though she were rest , but iron hard , as though she were still fight . 
 scar tissu has made his right hand brick-hard . 
 the basic rule is this : the harder the materi and the larger the drill diamet , the slower should the speed be . 
 a good sever feet around the pool should be neither greensward nor wood , but good hard pavement . 
 to speed the cool process , you can put the ganach in the freezer , but you must check it to make sure it doe n't becom too hard to scoop out with a teaspoon . 
 the biggest cut were made in the at & t pc 6300 plus line ; the price of an entri model with a singl floppi disk drive fell 38 % to $ 1 ,590 , and the price of the top-of-the-lin model with a `` hard '' disk store the equival of 20 ,000 page of data was cut 29 % to $ 3 ,065 . 
 with it attent to cultur and histori , it concern for the state 's fragil coastal environ , and it visual layer of line-art , photograph and map , the `` guid '' -lrb- edit by madg caughman and joann s. ginsberg , univers of california press , $ 29.95 hard-cov , $ 14.95 paperback -rrb- emerg as a fulli realiz work -- one that may be fundament imposs to improv upon . 
 for a hard kernel of uncertainti chafe beneath our well-b , mr. presid . 
 in north america , the tortilla is often fri hard . 
 onion bulb ca n't grow and expand in hard , adob soil . 
 the drought has hit durum wheat hard and other spring wheat even harder . 
 1 ounc hard chees , slice ( cheddar , swiss or fontina ) ; 1 slice whole wheat bread , toast ; 1 tablespoon salsa ; place chees on top of toast bread on microwave-proof plate . 
 the combin was suppos to make first republicbank texa 's domin financi institut ; instead , it $ 24.1 billion loan portfolio has wither in the state 's hard-scrabbl economi . 
 cut piec on plaster board to dri to firm leather-hard state . 
 while roper declin to comment further on it chang of heart , mr. sankey said that `` the board was caught between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 seed of hard , fibrous , stoni fruit , call nut , provid high concentr food , oil , and other materi of valu . 
 the list includ anyth by jacquelin susann , plus all diet book , `` garfield '' book , complet crossword puzzl book , ani paperback unless it 's unavail in hard cover , and selfhelp book . 
 surfac key : frm pkd & equal ; firm pack , hrd pkd & equal ; hard pack , ; mch grm & equal ; machin groom , pkd pwdr & equal ; pack powder , ; pwdr & equal ; powder . 
 the unlucki man in the middl sail into a side wall , while the ball ricochet off the hard plastic divid protect the wide-ey spectat from such crazi . 
 enter , if you pleas , 35 comfi littl cabin in the wood -- specif 35 littl tent cabin in the huckleberri campground area of the big basin redwood state park , just a rock and a hard place north of boulder creek off highway 9 . 
 look for good qualiti import oliv , prosciutto and other slice meat , italian hard and soft chees , prepar salad plus focaccia and other bread . 
 here are some tip to help you enjoy garlic : ; ( check ) buy -- clove should be big , plump and hard . 
 ( most hard-sid cooler , unless they are vacuum bottl , specifi that they are not to be use for hot foods. ) 
 it 's a bold gambl in the hard-scrabbl economi of texa , but the fdic also grant the north carolina compani substanti protect against further texa loan loss . 
 the biscotti from my youth were lemon yellow , tast most of anis and were as hard as a rock . 
 the field is too far away , too mani seat are hard wooden plank , and that `` wacki , hilari '' stanford band has becom unhip and bore . 
 when the second coat begin to set ( get hard ) , trowel it with a wood float , work in a circular motion . 
 surfac key : frm pkd & equal ; firm pack , hrd pkd & equal ; hard pack , mch grm & equal ; machin groom , pkd pwdr & equal ; pack powder , pwdr & equal ; powder . 
 `` i 'd alway had a hard edg to me , which was intensifi by the year i spent in vietnam , `` he said . 
 i almost never buy new hard cover book becaus i ca n't afford them . 
 there 's magic -- food that get soft when cook ( carrot and potato ) , food that get hard when cook ( egg and cooki dough ) , food that metamorphos ( cream into butter , egg white into meringu ) , food that shape-shift ( popcorn , homini , tortilla and polenta ) . 
 one admir the invent interplay of hard , tuski form and vulner belli without be in the least move by the tortur . 
 after share a deep fri combo appet ( $ 7.95 ) , whose fish and shellfish were thick bread , fri hard and almost indistinguish , we were pleasant surpris to find that `` saute scallop '' meant a larg portion in a hot oval bake dish , float in a sauc of butter , garlic , white wine and lemon , garnish with parsley and grill green onion and serv with mushroom over rice , and that `` bake swordfish '' did not mean dried-out . 
 may be person on back while clay is leather hard . 
 it bestknown author is erma bombeck , whose book have sold more than 10 million copi in hard-cov and paperback . 
 ( box ) the peppermil , 2909 lakesid , santa clara , ( 408 ) 988-3282 and 10690 n. de anza blvd. , cupertino , ( 408 ) 996-7750 , look like a 50s vision of the futur : mirror ceil , black and chrome , neon strip light , hard surfac . 
 on the left were pro-labor forc alli with the develop , includ sever hard-hat construct worker . 
 ( check ) no. 4 arantxa sanchez vicario show sign of hope in win her first titl of the year saturday in washington , but befor that , she 'd never won a hard-court tournament . 
 the ice-cream fork would seem to contradict miss manner ' assert that ice cream should be eaten with a spoon , but -- fool you ! -- it actual is a spoon , with a veri round bowl , onli with fork-lik tine at the end for subdu brick hard ice cream . 
 on his own garag door he found that the open revers when it struck the hard block but crush a cardboard box -- a materi that one assum more close repres peopl . 
 scientist have known for year that larger bodi , such as the moon , have a soil-lik surfac , but object as small as gaspra were thought to have rock-hard surfac . 
 surfac key : frm pkd & equal ; firm pack , hrd pkd & equal ; hard pack , mch grm & equal ; machin groom , pkd pwdr & equal ; pack powder , pwdr & equal ; powder . 
 they cost an averag $ 9 million -lrb- about half as much as hard dome -rrb- and let some sunlight in -- as much as 30 % with newer fabric . 
 possess no outer fortif , no hard shell of confid ; they had enough difficulti get from day to day , let alon have an aw crime thrust upon them . 
 is use for make button and other small , hard object of turneri . 
 the jisr hajar of faraya is an ellipt arch of hard stone , slight obliqu but with regular abut . 
 the san jose museum of art will showcas post-minimalist lynda beng , who made a name for herself 20 year ago with suppl sculpture-paint hybrid -- metal `` sparkl '' knot , cover in gold leaf , which defi the minimalist mandat that sculptur had to be hard , geometr and rigid . 
 piti the poor hard-cov . 
 some of canada 's wheat custom reli for mill on canada 's high-grad , high-protein , hard red spring wheat . 
 sinc the former white hous chief of staff publish his memoir monday in time magazin and in hard cover , astrolog have been exceed difficult to tune out , turn off or disregard . 
 ( box ) as the resin bead remov the miner , they slowli get satur with `` hard '' materi . 
 ( hbox ) ; some matzo ball are hard , some fall apart , but marci 's mom , aileen gugenheim , guarante this recip , which has been hand down from generat to generat . 
 ( box ) wait to cut asparagus fern until they ve turn complet brown , usual after the first hard frost . 
 the remaind would be so-cal hard good , which includ stereo , televis set and electron equip . 
 rememb , this is a curvi road with few hard shoulder . 
 the hulk , bald foreman whom the folk saw fight qawi is a differ fella from the hard-muscl young champ whose place in histori rest larg on two fight , one that he won and one he lost . 
 we student are learn how to take note while stand or sit on hard , cold tile . 
 the futon is good for you , i insist , becaus it 's good for the back when the bed is hard and firm . 
 a love whose flesh has been boil off , a clean , cold , hard , white , bone-lik love. '' 
 ( box ) the shell should be hard when pinch . 
 nor was it enough for slum-dwel in huaycan , outsid lima , where treatment is free , but patient must reclin on hard bench or dirti sheet and bring along their own toilet paper . 
 blister could be prevent from form by rub a work blister immedi with ani hard nonpoison substanc . 
 did 80 mile an hour across a hard dirt road to a cluster of shack . 
 the hard shell of nut might make you think they are a good stabl foodstuff , but the high fat content of the meat make them suscept to rancid . 
 should there be a law prohibit hard floor ? 
 the spray kill germ and virus on hard surfac , such as toilet seat , wash basin , door handl and telephon , it manufactur say . 
 deck ; a new , comprehens book on deck build is `` deck , `` by tim snyder ( $ 26.95 hard cover , rodal press ) . 
 but latin american and west indian use banana when hard and green , when squishili soft and brown , and at everi stage between . 
 like amoeba , plasmodia can enter hard , resist rest state , call sclerotia , when condit are bad . 
 courier look as comfort on the hard court at the nation tenni center as he did on the clay at roland garro . 
 reader not onli smell the linse oil , hard soap and tallow candl of the priori but quick are caught up in the layer of friendship and animos that exist among the young novic , forbidden `` particular affect '' with their sister . 
 it current centerpiec is the star electr vibrat , a black-and-chrom devic about the size and shape of a mediev mace that come complet with carri case , a varieti of hard-rubb massag head and an instruct manual . 
 excav of the floor of the lock follow up the complet hard core drain in 15 ft section , the trench sheet be remov and a 2 ft thick mass concret slab of 7.4 : 1 total aggreg cement ratio be emplac to within 3 ft of each wall . 
 york also believ that double-wal , hard-sid cooler like littl igloo , thermo brand and such are a good bet becaus the two wall are an effici way to use air 's excel insul properti . 
 the palm was rough with hard callous , but it rest ever so light on my eye . 
 the unsettl debt market and propos feder reserv board rule on capit have put bank between a rock and hard place . 
 kris bower , the advertis director for oakley , a compani that make the wraparound sunglass , said oakley offer 100 percent uv protect and that they are made with polycarbon lens , a hard , plastic-lik materi . 
 the control energi is mark , and also the use of what yeat demand -- `` the intellectu surpris word which is also the correct word '' : `` warm fume , `` `` a hard , factori mouth , `` `` big-potato-bum man. '' 
 when the surfac is sand or gravel , the gold will settl through it over time until it come to some barrier that stop it movement , such as hard clay . 
 oak , one of the hardest tree in california , is valu for it long burn in the hearth . 
 and he acknowledg the compani 's inabl to refin it $ 1.4 billion debt from that deal `` put us between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 in the bay area , the soil is most hard clay , and the best way to loosen up this compact soil is to dig in huge amount of compost , redwood soil condition or other organ soil amend . 
 `` they re veri hard but can have a lot of crack and fractur , and sometim piec will break off. '' 
 robert joedick , an analyst for shearson lehman brother inc. , call the chemic bank agreement `` an import achiev '' for the pilot that `` put the compani 's board of director between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 jio said , look at the men dress in orang vest and white hard-hat , `` it kind of make you sad when you see that thing . . . but , progress . 
 by 1990 , his self-publish pamphlet on the masculin crisi had been compil and reissu in hard cover by a lead publish -- and the book , `` iron john , `` quick scale the new york time best-sel list . 
 and structural-packag design develop `` advanc microwav packag '' with metal foil that encourag crisp and `` guidanc system '' that leav ice cream rock hard while the salisburi steak sizzl . 
 conscious of the fact that your feet hurt , that the citi pavement are hard . 
 booz ask the judg for a stay that would have kept the babi in foster care pend the appeal , but she refus , say the child can not remain `` caught between a rock and a hard place. '' 
 earli , hard dome necessit round stadium for support -- an inconveni shape for both basebal and footbal . 
 toy between hard cover . 
 she told of a friend who came to her two day after a physic `` and ask if i 'd look at . . . 'a hard place ' `` on the side of her breast . 
 it can absorb stain from food and tobacco , and it can combin with calcium and other miner in saliva to form tartar , a rock-hard coat . 
 the latest version ( gv-300 , $ 1 , 400 ) , about a year old , is the size of a hard-cov book , and some fear it may one day replac book . 
 to those of us who have spent year observ these anim , the general rule is that they place a flat rock on their chest against which they bang hard shell mollusc such as clam . 
 the avon paperback , howev , has a differ subtitl from the one that appear on hard cover last april . 
 on monday and wednesday , multipl accid caus miles- long morn backup befor our hard-hat friend even went to work . 
 the loud music , bright color and hard , slick seat in a fast-food outlet , for exampl , are intend both to entertain and to trigger an eat-and-run respons . 
 all too often , road-wizen artist who endur year of second-bil status and final find late success emerg with a hard shell of self-right bitter . 
 note : drage are hard candi use to decor bake goods. -- -- from `` rose 's christma ; cooki '' by rose levi ; beranbaum ( morrow ) . 
 the bear and orangutan play with `` boomer ball , `` hard plastic sphere about the size of a volleybal fill with nut and raisin that rattl around insid and sometim fall out to be eager eaten . 
 a accord to mario solomon , a graduat student at georgetown , the term hoya deriv from the greek word for `` hard as a rock. '' 
 `` but the other brush , with their hard bristl and tini head , are onli good for clean the small , white part of your teeth. '' 
 if the pear are a hard varieti , you may need to pre-cook them in a littl water until they are soft . 
 a cushion can help allevi the discomfort experienc sit on a hard surfac . 
 he 's a kind of leo buscaglia of the hard court , embrac his sweati charg at everi opportun . 
 ( while they are warm , they will feel a bit soft , but when they cool they will becom crisp and hard. ) 
 barbara perri say she has , howev , thought of tri to deep-fri some -- a proposit that may strike devote as akin to hard-boil caviar . 
 it is made of thin , hard yellow ware with fine red grit . 
 unit with hard plastic side forc water to travel the length of the filter , insur longer contact with the filter . 
 the feder govern want to leas portion of the outer continent shelf in norton sound , includ 1 , 000 disput acr , for hard rock miner recoveri , with gold the primari target . 
 `` she did n't want a hard edg , she want someth soft and dreamy. '' 
 beat the towel on a hard surfac to break the husk loos from the kernel . 
 `` there 's no doubt that this fasb propos leav us between a rock and a hard place , '' say the benefit manag for a major manufactur compani . 
 on the left were pro-labor forc alli with the develop , includ sever hard-hat construct worker . 
 virtual anyth with a hard surfac will do to colon . 
 that encourag other sit-in , lead to the replac of the recept area 's comfort sofa and overstuf chair with hard wood bench . 
 `` they re caught between a rock and a hard place . '' 
 ( check ) if the weight of a hard-shel helmet strain your neck , pick a thin shell . 
 when hideji takemasa think about comput , he doe n't imagin hard plastic box squat on desk top . 
 goalkeep ; face mask -- it has evolv from the jason mask you see in horror movi to awir cage that attach to the helmet or a high-tech , hard plastic mask-helmet combin . 
 bumpi , hard-skin , irregular shape squash typifi american fall and winter harvest food at it best . 
 true noir believ also can purchas a `` new '' -lrb- first time publish in hard cover -rrb- novel by dashiel hammett , `` woman in the dark : a novel of danger romanc '' -lrb- knopf , 76 page , $ 15.95 -rrb- . 
 if necessari , trim it by use the straightedg and a fresh knife blade , or by rub it against fine-grit sandpap laid flat on a hard work surfac . 
 for instanc , i paint a plant walkway on a hard surfac to save water . 
 i do n't think i have a hard nose , `` he say , stroke the bridg of his nose , `` and i love nonsense. '' 
 someday you ll be walk through the forest in the dead of winter and you ll stub your boot on someth hard : a frog ! 
 now we were sleep on a bed that was so hard and so flat that i felt as if stake out for bird of prey in the desert . 
 just befor serv , crisp tortilla as abov but leav hard and flat . 
 c. edward acker , pan am 's chairman , remain caught between a rock and a hard place . 
 befor mr. hoffman enter the busi a decad ago , a hard-cov fiction best seller sold 150 ,000 copi . 
 replac lead and scribe for mark metal , glass and other hard materi are store in the tape rule . 
 if you re drive a hard-top car , stay with it . 
 harvest all the fruit befor the first hard freez . 
 never let the soil dri out , watch for whitefli and powderi mildew , feed generous with a 10 percent nitrogen fertil everi other week , prop the ripen pumpkin up on board to prevent rot the bottom and harvest them when the rind start get hard . 
 these cooki start out hard and soften as they matur . 
 becker match lendl 's nine ace , but won this match with his more dynam play at the net , frolick on the hard court as if it were wimbledon 's grass . 
 it 's all done with bean curd -- hard and soft , fri and steam and broil and who know what . 
 you just have to work a littl harder to keep the relationship go . '' 
 they found that a way to get a pretti tomato to market was to pick hard , unrip one and gas them red . 
 the control energi is mark , and also the use of what yeat demand -- `` the intellectu surpris word which is also the correct word '' : `` warm fume , `` `` a hard , factori mouth , `` `` big-potato-bum man. '' 
 mclaughlin recommend dure the class that biker ride down a steep , hard-pack dirt hill do most of the brake with the back brake and use the front brake spare . 
 the hyper pad is a hard-surfac mousepad that contain the same heat-sensit liquid crystal . 
 stich , stretch to five set in the third round by malivai washington , look so comfort on wimbledon 's grass but has n't adjust to the medium-fast hard court at the nation tenni center . 
 if someon is move from a larger apart to a smaller one , mr. thometz may also weed out hard-cov classic that are readili avail in paperback . 
 instead , tie a cushion on a hard headboard for comfort sit in bed. '' 
 `` no way i 'm go to miss that , even kick a ball that feel like a brick on a rock-hard field against the wind. '' 
 there is no question but that the process of wash fabric involv a number of phenomena which are relat togeth in an extrem complic way and that these phenomena and their interrel are not well understood at the present , this section attempt to present briefli an up-to-d pictur of the physic chemistri of wash either fabric or hard surfac . 
 so-cal veget ivori is the hard endosperm of the egg-siz seed . 
 mr. condello onc said the worst thing about the state capitol was it hard floor , the tile , marbl corridor and stone stair that he trampl over each work day for a decad . 
 remov the hard outer shell of the acorn with a nut cracker . 
 a harder skin will allow the fruit to store better . 
 sinc the 1950s , it has cost twice the nation averag to build a mile of highway through this hard-scrabbl state . 
 one exampl : the hard stick of the timpanist virtual turn the open minut into a kettle-drum concerto . 
 